Apple tightens App Store rules against apps that ‘do not add value’ - 9to5Mac
Skip to main content
Toggle main menu
9to5Mac Logo
Go to the 9to5Mac home page
Switch site
9to5Toys
9to5Google Logo
9to5Google
Electrek
Drone DJ Logo
DroneDJ
Space Explored
About
Privacy
Toggle social menu
Toggle dark mode
Search for:
Submit
Toggle search form
Forums
Store
Podcasts
Apple@Work
Happy Hour
9to5Mac Daily
Overtime
iPhone
iPhone
Mac
Mac
MacBook Pro
MacBook Air
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad mini
iPad
iPadOS
Watch
Apple Watch
Apple Watch Ultra
Apple Health
Apple Watch SE
Vision
Vision Pro
visionOS
Music and TV
Apple Music
AirPods
HomePod
Apple TV
Guides
Reviews
How Tos
AAPL
Apple Store
Apple Arcade
Apple Card
Apple Silicon
Apple One
Apple Fitness+
CarPlay
Siri
HomeKit
Toggle dark mode
App Store
Apple developer
Apple tightens App Review Guidelines against apps that ‘do not add value to the App Store’
Marcus Mendes
&nbsp;|&nbsp;Jun 9 2026 - 4:54 pm PT
11 Comments
Apple has updated its App Store Review Guidelines with new language targeting apps that it says “do not add value to the App Store.” Here are the details.
Apple expands App Store anti-spam rules
During yesterday’s
WWDC keynote
, Apple CEO Tim Cook mentioned that “developers are building more apps than ever, with well over 1,000 submissions to the App Store every hour.”
Cook’s remarks were meant to highlight how vibrant the App Store remains, especially at a time when the barrier to entry for app development has never been lower.
The problem is that a low barrier to entry is a double-edged sword. While AI-assisted development tools have helped more people turn ideas into apps, they have also made it easier to mass-produce low-effort software.
In light of that, last November,
Apple updated
its App Review Guidelines with multiple new rules, including one that cracked down against “copycat apps”.
Then, just a few months ago,
The Information
reported
that the App Store had seen an 84% surge in new apps, a spike that appeared to put additional strain on Apple’s App Review team. Apple disputed the latter:
An Apple spokesperson denied that review times are getting longer. Apple said the app review team processes 90% of submissions within 48 hours. And over the last 12 weeks, the team has processed more than 200,000 app submissions a week, with an average review time of 1.5 days. The spokesperson also said that while a human has to review every app submission, the company is increasingly using AI tools to assist in the process.
That said, Apple recently updated (via
MacRumors
) section 4.3(b) of the App Review Guidelines, with even stricter rules to curb submissions of “mediocre, low-quality, or low-effort” apps. The updated rule states:
Don&#8217;t submit apps that are indistinguishable from what&#8217;s already widely available. Opportunistically creating variants of existing app categories or popular apps degrades App Store discovery, reduces overall app quality, and harms both users and developers. Certain kinds of apps, such as dating, flashlight, sound effects, wallpaper, simple timers, and fortune telling, are well established on the App Store and we will not accept new submissions unless they offer a meaningfully different or improved experience. We may remove these apps from the App Store going forward if they are not updated, improved, or do not attract customers. Other kinds of apps, such as drinking games, Kama Sutra, fart, and burp apps, are mediocre, low-quality, or low-effort and do not add value to the App Store. Repeated submissions of this kind may lead to removal from the Apple Developer Program.
The updated guidelines also added new language around apps with user-generated content (guideline 1.2) and on the use of Live Activities to send spam, phishing attempts, or unsolicited messages (guideline 4.5.3).
To read the updated App Store Review Guidelines,
follow this link
.
Worth checking out on Amazon
Geoffrey Cain – ‘Steve Jobs in Exile’
David Pogue – ’Apple: The First 50 Years’
MacBook Neo
Logitech MX Master 4
AirPods Pro 3
AirTag (2nd Generation) – 4 Pack
Apple Watch Series 11
Wireless CarPlay adapter
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links.
More.
You’re reading 9to5Mac — experts who break news about Apple and its surrounding ecosystem, day after day. Be sure to check out
our homepage
for all the latest news, and follow 9to5Mac on
Twitter
,
Facebook
, and
LinkedIn
to stay in the loop. Don’t know where to start? Check out our
exclusive stories
,
reviews
,
how-tos
, and
subscribe to our YouTube channel
Featured
from
9to5Mac
9to5Mac Logo
Apple Watch Series 12 and Ultra 4 review: More personal than ever before
Chance Miller
Sep 17 2026
iPhone 18 Pro review: More of a great thing
Chance Miller
Sep 16 2026
iOS 26.7 now available for iPhone, here’s what’s new
Ryan Christoffel
Sep 14 2026
iOS 27.2 introduces Apple Health app overhaul, here’s what’s new
Ryan Christoffel
Sep 16 2026
Podcast
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Comments
Expand
Close
comments
Expand
Close
comments
Guides
App Store
Apple developer
Author
Marcus Mendes
https://www.threads.com/mvcmendes
Marcus Mendes is a Brazilian tech podcaster and journalist who has been closely following Apple since the mid-2000s.
He began covering Apple news in Brazilian media in 2012 and later broadened his focus to the wider tech industry, hosting a daily podcast for seven years.
