Apple&#039;s new App Review Guidelines crack down on copycat apps - 9to5Mac
Skip to main content
Toggle main menu
9to5Mac Logo
Go to the 9to5Mac home page
Switch site
9to5Toys
9to5Google Logo
9to5Google
Electrek
Drone DJ Logo
DroneDJ
Space Explored
About
Privacy
Toggle social menu
Toggle dark mode
Search for:
Submit
Toggle search form
Forums
Store
Podcasts
Apple@Work
Happy Hour
9to5Mac Daily
Overtime
iPhone
iPhone
Mac
Mac
MacBook Pro
MacBook Air
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad mini
iPad
iPadOS
Watch
Apple Watch
Apple Watch Ultra
Apple Health
Apple Watch SE
Vision
Vision Pro
visionOS
Music and TV
Apple Music
AirPods
HomePod
Apple TV
Guides
Reviews
How Tos
AAPL
Apple Store
Apple Arcade
Apple Card
Apple Silicon
Apple One
Apple Fitness+
CarPlay
Siri
HomeKit
Toggle dark mode
App Store
Apple tightens App Review Guidelines to crack down on copycat apps
Marcus Mendes
&nbsp;|&nbsp;Nov 13 2025 - 1:12 pm PT
4 Comments
Apple has updated its App Review Guidelines with multiple new rules, including one targeting the misleading use of other developers’ branding. Here are the details.
‘Come up with your own ideas’
From time to time, Apple updates its App Review Guidelines to respond to changes in the market, whether they’re good or bad.
In general, Apple adds a few rules, removes others, and clarifies some of them to make its intentions more straightforward.
Today, Apple made a total of
nine changes
to its App Review Guidelines, with one addition particularly aimed at developers who try to piggyback on the success of other apps:
4.1 Copycats
(c) You cannot use another developer’s icon, brand, or product name in your app’s icon or name, without approval from the developer.
Today’s update adds to two prior rules under that Apple had in place to curb copycats:
(a) Come up with your own ideas. We know you have them, so make yours come to life. Don’t simply copy the latest popular app on the App Store, or make some minor changes to another app’s name or UI and pass it off as your own. In addition to risking an intellectual property infringement claim, it makes the App Store harder to navigate and just isn’t fair to your fellow developers.
(b)Submitting apps which impersonate other apps or services is considered a violation of the Developer Code of Conduct and may result in removal from the Apple Developer Program. (Applies to Notarization of iOS apps in the EU)
Just recently, the App Store was
inundated with Sora 2 clones and copycats
, mere days after the release of OpenAI’s official app.
Apple moved quickly to either remove or ensure that these copycat apps reverted to their original names and icons, but the situation highlighted this as one of the longest-standing issues for the App Store.
With today’s update, Apple shows that it intends to keep on strengthening its anti-copycat policies, but whether that will be enough to meaningfully reduce such knock-offs remains to be seen.
What else changed?
Here’s the full log of the App Store Guideline updates Apple released today:
1.2.1(a): This new guideline specifies that creator apps must provide a way for users to identify content that exceeds the app’s age rating, and use an age restriction mechanism based on verified or declared age to limit access by underage users.
2.5.10: This language has been deleted (“Apps should not be submitted with empty ad banners or test advertisements.”).
3.2.2(ix): Clarified that loan apps may not charge a maximum APR higher than 36%, including costs and fees, and may not require repayment in full in 60 days or less.
4.1(c): This new guideline specifies that you cannot use another developer’s icon, brand, or product name in your app’s icon or name, without approval from the developer.
4.7: Clarifies that HTML5 and JavaScript mini apps and mini games are in scope of the guideline.
4.7.2: Clarifies that apps offering software not embedded in the binary may not extend or expose native platform APIs or technologies to the software without prior permission from Apple.
4.7.5: Clarifies that apps offering software not embedded in the binary must provide a way for users to identify content that exceeds the app’s age rating, and use an age restriction mechanism based on verified or declared age to limit access by underage users.
5.1.1(ix): Adds crypto exchanges to the list of apps that provide services in highly regulated fields.
5.1.2(i): Clarifies that you must clearly disclose where personal data will be shared with third parties, including with third-party AI, and obtain explicit permission before doing so.
For the full App Review Guidelines article,
follow this link
.
Accessory deals on Amazon
Apple AirTag 4 Pack
Beats USB-C to USB-C Woven Short Cable
Logitech MX Master 4
AirPods Pro 3
Wireless CarPlay adapter
iPhone Air Ultraslim Magsafe Power Bank
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links.
More.
You’re reading 9to5Mac — experts who break news about Apple and its surrounding ecosystem, day after day. Be sure to check out
our homepage
for all the latest news, and follow 9to5Mac on
Twitter
,
Facebook
, and
LinkedIn
to stay in the loop. Don’t know where to start? Check out our
exclusive stories
,
reviews
,
how-tos
, and
subscribe to our YouTube channel
Featured
from
9to5Mac
9to5Mac Logo
iPhone 18 Pro review: More of a great thing
Chance Miller
Sep 16 2026
Apple explains how the iPhone 18 Pro’s new Reference Image camera mode works
Marcus Mendes
Sep 15 2026
Apple Watch adds an all-new Readiness app, here&#8217;s how it works
Zac Hall
Sep 15 2026
iPhone Duo could be very hard to get at launch, per report
Ryan Christoffel
Sep 15 2026
Podcast
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Comments
Expand
Close
comments
Expand
Close
comments
Guides
App Store
Author
Marcus Mendes
https://www.threads.com/mvcmendes
Marcus Mendes is a Brazilian tech podcaster and journalist who has been closely following Apple since the mid-2000s.
He began covering Apple news in Brazilian media in 2012 and later broadened his focus to the wider tech industry, hosting a daily podcast for seven years.
Close
Previous
Next
