Developers behind vibe coding app Anything detail next steps after months-long fight with Apple - 9to5Mac
Skip to main content
Toggle main menu
9to5Mac Logo
Go to the 9to5Mac home page
Switch site
9to5Toys
9to5Google Logo
9to5Google
Electrek
Drone DJ Logo
DroneDJ
Space Explored
About
Privacy
Toggle social menu
Toggle dark mode
Search for:
Submit
Toggle search form
Forums
Store
Podcasts
Apple@Work
Happy Hour
9to5Mac Daily
Overtime
iPhone
iPhone
Mac
Mac
MacBook Pro
MacBook Air
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad mini
iPad
iPadOS
Watch
Apple Watch
Apple Watch Ultra
Apple Health
Apple Watch SE
Vision
Vision Pro
visionOS
Music and TV
Apple Music
AirPods
HomePod
Apple TV
Guides
Reviews
How Tos
AAPL
Apple Store
Apple Arcade
Apple Card
Apple Silicon
Apple One
Apple Fitness+
CarPlay
Siri
HomeKit
Toggle dark mode
Developers behind vibe coding app Anything detail next steps after months-long fight with Apple
Marcus Mendes
| Apr 14 2026 - 8:01 pm PT
1 Comment
Following a dispute that led to two removals from the App Store, the developers behind the vibe coding platform Anything are publicly accusing Apple of shutting out a new generation of app creators through outdated app review guidelines. Here are the details.
Vibe coding apps challenge long-standing App Store rules
A few weeks ago,
The Information
reported that Apple had
pulled
the vibe coding app “Anything” from the App Store.
Apple claimed the Anything app violated “longstanding App Store rules that say an app can’t run code that changes the way it or other apps function.”
The rules in question were:
Section 2.5.2 of the App Review Guidelines
: &#8220;Apps should be self-contained in their bundles, and may not read or write data outside the designated container area, nor may they download, install, or execute code which introduces or changes features or functionality of the app, including other apps.&#8221;
Section 3.3.1(B) of the Developer Program License
: &#8220;Interpreted code may be downloaded to an Application but only so long as such code: (a) does not change the primary purpose of the Application by providing features or functionality that are inconsistent with the intended and advertised purpose of the Application.&#8221;
That is partly how vibe coding apps work. They generally let users send text prompts that AI models turn into code, before generating a working version of the app.
In Anything’s case, users can preview the app on their own devices and choose whether they want to submit it for approval on the App Store, provided they have a developer account.
Apple, however, has been taking issue with Anything’s app development and preview workflows, which is why the company has removed it from the App Store. Twice.
According to the developers, Apple pulled the app from the App Store on March 26, and then again just a few days after the app got reinstated, following a back-and-forth with the company.
From the developers, in
a lengthy post
on X (via
TechCrunch
), telling their side of the story:
Our mobile app got approved last year. We didn&#8217;t hear a word of concern. Then in December, they started blocking our updates, citing the infamous Guideline 2.5.2. The rule designed to prevent malicious apps from downloading code to change their behavior after review. We understood the concern, even if we disagree it applies to us. We tried to fix it. Four different technical approaches, each one specifically designed to address what they told us. Each one rejected. We didn&#8217;t go public. We didn&#8217;t tweet. We kept trying. Then they pulled us from the App Store. We still didn&#8217;t say anything. We worked with them, got reinstated, believed we&#8217;d found a path forward. Then they pulled us again.
In the post, the Anything team argues that “the number of people who can build apps is about to go from millions to hundreds of millions to eventually everyone,” adding that “these people are the future of the App Store.”
Guideline 2.5.2 &#8211; Gatekeeping &#8211; Vibes denied
we haven't talked about this publicly
for months we tried to resolve it privately with emails, calls, appeals, and four technical rewrites to comply with whatever Apple wanted
here's our truth, unfiltered
on March 26th, Apple…
pic.twitter.com/yJfjxonC41
&mdash; Anything (@anything)
April 7, 2026
They also list examples of users who successfully launched their vibe-coded apps on the App Store, and pledge to keep working to evolve their product:
“We&#8217;re not waiting. We launched text-to-app. Text us and we&#8217;ll build your iOS app in the cloud. We&#8217;re shipping a desktop companion for on-device previews next. We&#8217;ll find a way to serve our builders.”
9to5Mac’s take
Anything’s post comes days after The Information reported that the App Store has seen a
surge of new apps
, which can at least in part be explained by the explosion in vibe coding tools.
Of course, not all vibe-coded apps will be as useful or as impactful (or even as safe) as the ones listed in Anything’s post. But that shouldn&#8217;t disqualify the new possibilities opened up by vibe coding tools altogether.
Over the past few months, there has been increased pressure for Apple to address, or at least acknowledge, the changing landscape of app development.
As vibe coding becomes increasingly popular and, with WWDC26 just around the corner, it will be interesting to see how Apple chooses to handle the situation, if at all.
Worth checking out on Amazon
David Pogue – ’Apple: The First 50 Years’
MacBook Neo
Logitech MX Master 4
AirPods Pro 3
AirTag (2nd Generation) – 4 Pack
Apple Watch Series 11
Wireless CarPlay adapter
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links.
More.
You’re reading 9to5Mac — experts who break news about Apple and its surrounding ecosystem, day after day. Be sure to check out
our homepage
for all the latest news, and follow 9to5Mac on
Twitter
,
Facebook
, and
LinkedIn
to stay in the loop. Don’t know where to start? Check out our
exclusive stories
,
reviews
,
how-tos
, and
subscribe to our YouTube channel
Featured
from
9to5Mac
9to5Mac Logo
Apple Watch Series 12 and Ultra 4 review: More personal than ever before
Chance Miller
Sep 17 2026
iPhone 18 Pro review: More of a great thing
Chance Miller
Sep 16 2026
iOS 26.7 now available for iPhone, here’s what’s new
Ryan Christoffel
Sep 14 2026
iOS 27.2 introduces Apple Health app overhaul, here’s what’s new
Ryan Christoffel
Sep 16 2026
Podcast
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Comments
Expand
Close
comments
Expand
Close
comments
Guides
News
Author
Marcus Mendes
https://www.threads.com/mvcmendes
Marcus Mendes is a Brazilian tech podcaster and journalist who has been closely following Apple since the mid-2000s.
He began covering Apple news in Brazilian media in 2012 and later broadened his focus to the wider tech industry, hosting a daily podcast for seven years.
