‎a-Shell App - App Store
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
a-Shell
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
Free · Designed for iPad. Not verified for macOS.
Share
550 Ratings
4.5
Age Rating
16+
Years
Chart
#20
Developer Tools
Developer
Nicolas Holzschuch
Language
EN
+ 6 More
Size
2
GB
iPhone, iPad
Local Unix terminal for iOS. Run C, C++, Python, JS, sh &amp; all Unix commands locally on your phone, no network connection required.
Powerful when combined with Shortcuts.
a-Shell is a complete local terminal emulator, allowing to run most Unix commands on your iOS device. You can transfer files using scp and curl, edit them with vim and ed, process them using grep, awk and sed. You can work with git repositories using lg2.&nbsp;
Most commands are compiled for iOS native Arm64 format, making them fast and well integrated with the BSD Unix that powers iOS/iPadOS.
a-Shell includes Python, Lua, Perl, JavaScript, C, C++ for programming and TeX (texlive 2025, with Tikz and LuaTeX) for text processing.
There are also multiple network utilities: nslookup, ping, whois, ifconfig... Type help for help, help -l to get the full list of commands.
a-Shell can be controlled from Shortcuts: run commands in order, process files in a-Shell, get the results as text or files, transfer files to other apps...
a-shell uses iOS 13+ “multiple windows” ability, so you can run multiple shells at the same time, with different commands, in different directories. You can edit a file in one window with vim and process it in the other with python.
Compile your C or C++ programs to webAssembly using clang or clang++, and execute the resulting binary. A complete webAssembly SDK is included (WASI-libc).
a-Shell is the complete version. If you need a smaller app, and you don't need a C compiler, a TeX engine, or numpy and matplotlib, there is a-Shell mini.
more
Ratings &amp; Reviews
4.5
out of 5
550 Ratings
The notable boundary-pusher of local command line functions on iOS/iPadOS
01/19/2023
NeoYokel
There are now quite a few terminal emulator-esque apps on the App Store, but I've been using a-Shell since it was joined only by Blink (from which it was forked) and iSH. As it was then, a-Shell remains the only one of these with which one can actually accomplish command line tasks *locally* beyond screwing around. I am ultimately not a command line native, and I don't have the basic theory beneath my use of Python scripts, yet I've been able to accomplish startlingly powerful things within this app, thanks in large part to gracious and immediately-available support via the project's Discord server.If you've found yourself here by way of a Siri Shortcut's requirement, I would encourage you to take the time to investigate the commands said shortcut(s) run - try running them yourself!
The notable boundary-pusher of local command line functions on iOS/iPadOS
01/19/2023
NeoYokel
There are now quite a few terminal emulator-esque apps on the App Store, but I've been using a-Shell since it was joined only by Blink (from which it was forked) and iSH. As it was then, a-Shell remains the only one of these with which one can actually accomplish command line tasks *locally* beyond screwing around. I am ultimately not a command line native, and I don't have the basic theory beneath my use of Python scripts, yet I've been able to accomplish startlingly powerful things within this app, thanks in large part to gracious and immediately-available support via the project's Discord server.If you've found yourself here by way of a Siri Shortcut's requirement, I would encourage you to take the time to investigate the commands said shortcut(s) run - try running them yourself!
Seems like just a scam app and a lot of disappointment
04/07/2023
Stevo3985
It sure promises a LOT of features I need, but I guess I’ll stick with the Alpine Linux container in iSH, cuz this app won’t even recognize my text inputs. I am not an iOS noob, and my day, I am a systems engineer for a network video company. I NEED these utilities on my iPhone, but not a single item can be used in the full @-shell and the mini is incapable of doing anything from inside the container where it exists. I couldn’t even run a simple SCP, rsync, or even ssh session to try and move files from a remote server. If this app isn’t a scam, it needs a lot of work, cuz I have worked through a whole week worth of remedy attempts, and have tried to reboot, reinstall, even factory reset and restored my iPhone from DFU mode (you read that correctly, I need this badly enough that I went scorched earth and started from scratch, and STILL cannot get this app to respond to my iPhone 13 Pro text inputs from any of my 3 keyboards) 🤦‍♂️ Fix it and I’ll fix my review. PLEASE!!!!
Developer Response
For actual help, there is: e-mail: another_shell@icloud.com, github issues: https://github.com/holzschu/a-shell/issues or discussions: https://github.com/holzschu/a-shell/discussions discord: https://discord.gg/cvYnZm69Gy and twitter: https://twitter.com/a_shell_iosAll of these offer a faster response time than appStore reviews (I do respond to all queries). I'll need a more accurate description of the symptoms, though.
Seems like just a scam app and a lot of disappointment
04/07/2023
Stevo3985
It sure promises a LOT of features I need, but I guess I’ll stick with the Alpine Linux container in iSH, cuz this app won’t even recognize my text inputs. I am not an iOS noob, and my day, I am a systems engineer for a network video company. I NEED these utilities on my iPhone, but not a single item can be used in the full @-shell and the mini is incapable of doing anything from inside the container where it exists. I couldn’t even run a simple SCP, rsync, or even ssh session to try and move files from a remote server. If this app isn’t a scam, it needs a lot of work, cuz I have worked through a whole week worth of remedy attempts, and have tried to reboot, reinstall, even factory reset and restored my iPhone from DFU mode (you read that correctly, I need this badly enough that I went scorched earth and started from scratch, and STILL cannot get this app to respond to my iPhone 13 Pro text inputs from any of my 3 keyboards) 🤦‍♂️ Fix it and I’ll fix my review. PLEASE!!!!
Developer Response
04/09/2023
For actual help, there is: e-mail: another_shell@icloud.com, github issues: https://github.com/holzschu/a-shell/issues or discussions: https://github.com/holzschu/a-shell/discussions discord: https://discord.gg/cvYnZm69Gy and twitter: https://twitter.com/a_shell_iosAll of these offer a faster response time than appStore reviews (I do respond to all queries). I'll need a more accurate description of the symptoms, though.
a-Shell is a must-have for bringing the full power of a terminal interface to your iOS device.
06/12/2024
michexta
a-Shell is an outstanding terminal interface app for iOS, boasting a user-friendly design and powerful features. It supports a wide range of Linux commands, enabling seamless interaction with servers and local files. Its robust performance ensures smooth operation, even with complex scripts, and regular updates enhance its reliability and security.Whether for professional development or personal projects, a-Shell is a must-have for bringing the full power of a terminal interface to your iOS device.
a-Shell is a must-have for bringing the full power of a terminal interface to your iOS device.
06/12/2024
michexta
a-Shell is an outstanding terminal interface app for iOS, boasting a user-friendly design and powerful features. It supports a wide range of Linux commands, enabling seamless interaction with servers and local files. Its robust performance ensures smooth operation, even with complex scripts, and regular updates enhance its reliability and security.Whether for professional development or personal projects, a-Shell is a must-have for bringing the full power of a terminal interface to your iOS device.
Pretty cool, but missing some features
06/10/2021
RSnake
It would be nice to be able to have a bashrc or something that allows you to control prompts, and a ps and kill functionality and screen, etc…. for batch jobs. But the really odd thing is hitting a button (other than space and enter keys for some reason) won’t repeat the character - that’s super annoying in vim for instance, because it means you have to do some funky things just to move the cursor around at any sort of speed. [EDIT: The developer said there’s a setting to use the cap’s lock as an escape key that if you disable, allows you to get this feature. For those who don’t know you can use control-[ to get an escape char too.]  But overall really cool/useful. Even with a lack of wget (not a fan of curl), you can do pip install wget then python -m wget &lt;site&gt; and poof.
Developer Response
If you activate "caps-lock as escape" in the App settings, you also get auto-repeat for keys. It's pretty useful for Vim, I agree, but incompatible with multi-char input.
Pretty cool, but missing some features
06/10/2021
RSnake
It would be nice to be able to have a bashrc or something that allows you to control prompts, and a ps and kill functionality and screen, etc…. for batch jobs. But the really odd thing is hitting a button (other than space and enter keys for some reason) won’t repeat the character - that’s super annoying in vim for instance, because it means you have to do some funky things just to move the cursor around at any sort of speed. [EDIT: The developer said there’s a setting to use the cap’s lock as an escape key that if you disable, allows you to get this feature. For those who don’t know you can use control-[ to get an escape char too.]  But overall really cool/useful. Even with a lack of wget (not a fan of curl), you can do pip install wget then python -m wget &lt;site&gt; and poof.
Developer Response
06/10/2021
If you activate "caps-lock as escape" in the App settings, you also get auto-repeat for keys. It's pretty useful for Vim, I agree, but incompatible with multi-char input.
What’s New
Version History
- multiple bug fixes: making sure we're not in bracketed paste mode, interactive input in WebAssembly commands.
- more complete cleanup after "exit" on iPhones
- added the new options in "man config" (they were already in config, but the man page was lagging behind)
2.2.1
5d ago
- fixed an issue where the terminal would sometimes not scroll with finger-swipe
- fixed an issue where clicking on screen would not always work
- re-introduced three keyboard shortcuts: command-., command-n and command-k
- new WebAssembly interpreter: wasmkit (for iOS 18 and above only). About as fast as wasm3.
- updated clang and clang++ to version 22.1.0, updated the SDK to keep in sync (wasi-sdk-33)
- fixed several issues with wasm and wasm3
- fixed multiple bugs.
- updated SwiftTerm for faster rendering
2.2.0
Aug 30
- moved to texlive-2026
- fixed a major cause of crash at startup
- $TERM is now xterm-256colors (it enables many more options in curses)
- store bookmarks for already accessible directories
- get the volume name as a bookmark when you select a mounted device with pickFolder
- fixed issues with reloading in internalbrowser
- added more optional entitlements for interacting with the system using pyobjc
2.1.0
Jul 1
- fixed an issue with "cd -" in dash
- fixed an issue with Thai keyboards
- removed automatic autocomplete after completing a directory
2.0.3
May 27
Multiple improvements over versions 2.0.0 and 2.0.1:
- single-arrow buttons by default for iPhones that don't have LiquidGlass (iOS 18 and below)
- brought back the ability to have the old toolbar on iPads (a fix for iPads where the standard toolbar does not appear)
- fix for pickFolder inside other commands
- fix for ffmpeg and control-C
- fix for escape sequences (\033) in prompt definitions
- several fixes for ssh and ssh-agent inside dash
- openurl does not percent-encode urls that are already percent-encoded
- openurl checks that is has a valid URL
2.0.2
May 15
- Fixes three bugs that were present in version 2.0.0, plus everything that was already present in version 2.0.0:
- new terminal rendering system (SwiftTerm), much faster than the previous one, but with incompatible changes
- better integration with VoiceOver
- better autocomplete
- new config options, for blinking cursors
- multi-arrow buttons on iPhones
- better user interface for the internal browser
- added Python package: curl-cffi
2.0.1
May 6
- new terminal rendering system (SwiftTerm), much faster than the previous one, but with incompatible changes
- better integration with VoiceOver
- better autocomplete
- new config options, for blinking cursors
- multi-arrow buttons on iPhones
- better user interface for the internal browser
- added Python package: curl-cffi
2.0.0
May 1
Fixes multiple issues with libgit2. This should fix the case where lg2 crashes randomly.
1.17.5
Jan 29
- fixed issues with python, ssh-agent and lg2
1.17.4
12/22/2025
- bug fix for ssh-agent
- bug fix for Python (ctypes and kiwisolver)
1.17.3
11/26/2025
Bug fixes for: Python 3.13 (opencv, kiwisolver), openrsync for local folders, ssh-agent, lg2, sha256.
1.17.2
11/22/2025
- new command: rsync
- updated Python to version 3.13
- added scipy, scikit-learn, seaborn...
- fixed issues with buttons and iOS 26
- fixed bugs with man, less, nnn, scp...
1.17.0
11/06/2025
- new command: "repeatCommand" will execute a command at regular intervals. There is one repeating command for each window. "repeatCommand" with no arguments shows the current repeating command, "repeatCommand --stop" will stop the repetition.
- added TIFF and XML support to ImageMagick, updated ImageMagick to version 4.7.0
- added libopus support to ffmpeg
- fixes one issue with ffmpeg and hardware encoding that happens with iOS 26.
- fixed a bug when copying screen content
- fixed several issues with wasm3
- fixed an issue with dvipdfmx and user-installed fonts
1.16.1
08/25/2025
We updated the texlive binaries to texlive-2025. You will have to re-download the texlive installation to get version 2025.
1.16.0
06/11/2025
Multiple bug fixes, including:
- ssh-copy-id
- better rendering of long text containing emojis
- autocomplete for bookmarks and directories with spaces in their names
- improved responde to ^C for some commands
1.15.12
05/12/2025
- add support for alt-delete on external keyboards,
- imageMagick now has access to system fonts,
- fixed issues for restoring environment and sessions.
1.15.11
02/21/2025
- multiple bug fixes (python, dash, sftp, ssh, curl...) and also everything that was new in 1.15.9, such as:
- new h.265 encoder for ffmpeg: activate it with "-c:v libkvazaar -tag:v hvc1"
- new HEIF decoder for ImageMagick; you can now edit your iPhone photos
- updated bc to 7.0.3, added math extensions for bc
1.15.10
12/17/2024
- new h.265 encoder for ffmpeg: activate it with "-c:v libkvazaar -tag:v hvc1"
- new HEIF decoder for ImageMagick; you can now edit your iPhone photos
- updated ImageMagick to 7.1.1
- updated bc to 7.0.3, added math extensions for bc
- multiple bug fixes in dash, TipKit, lua, bc, ssh...
1.15.9
12/09/2024
- fixes an issue with dash
- fixes issues with webAssembly interpreters
1.15.8
11/25/2024
- fixes an issue with the new (fast) WebAssembly interpreter, wasm3. It can now scan directories.
- Both WebAssembly interpreters are now compatible with WebAssembly code generated elsewhere.
1.15.7
11/21/2024
- new parameter for the "Get File" Shortcut: get file "as a copy". Use this when you encounter an issue with "Get File" and iOS 18.
- ffmpeg can add subtitles to video.
1.15.6
09/23/2024
- Fixes major issues with the Shortcuts Intents and iOS 18: Get File, Put File, Execute Commands.
1.15.5
09/18/2024
- Fixes a major issue with the "Get File" intent and iOS 18.
- fixes a major issue with iOS 18 and clang and TeX
1.15.4
09/15/2024
- Fixes a major issue with the "Get File" intent and iOS 18.
1.15.3
09/14/2024
- fixes a major issue with f2c (Fortran-to-C compiler)
- adds a new WebAssembly interpreter, wasm3 (faster on some commands).
- introduces environment variables: APPNAME, APPVERSION and APPBUILDNUMBER, in case you need to check these for behaviour.
1.15.2
09/08/2024
- multiple bug fixes: making sure we're not in bracketed paste mode, interactive input in WebAssembly commands.
- more complete cleanup after "exit" on iPhones
- added the new options in "man config" (they were already in config, but the man page was lagging behind)
more
Version 2.2.1
5d ago
App Privacy
App Privacy
The developer,
Nicolas Holzschuch
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. This information has not been verified by Apple. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
To help you better understand the developer’s responses, see
Privacy Definitions and Examples
.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
The developer,
Nicolas Holzschuch
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Accessibility
Accessibility
The developer,
Nicolas Holzschuch
, indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features to help make common tasks in the app faster and easier to complete.
Learn More
VoiceOver
Navigate and explore the app using gestures, braille, and speech output.
Larger Text
Increase the text size in the app to 200% or more.
Dark Interface
Apply a dark color scheme to the screens, menus, and controls to reduce eye strain.
Sufficient Contrast
Increase or adjust the contrast between text or iconography and background.
The developer indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features.
Learn More
Supported Features
VoiceOver
Larger Text
Dark Interface
Sufficient Contrast
Information
Seller
Nicolas Holzschuch
Size
2 GB
Category
Developer Tools
Compatibility
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
iPhone
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later.
iPod&nbsp;touch
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS&nbsp;12.0.0 or later and a Mac with Apple&nbsp;M1&nbsp;chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English and 6 more
English, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Simplified Chinese, Spanish
Age Rating
16+
16+
Learn More
Contains
Unrestricted Web Access
Copyright
© Nicolas Holzschuch
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
More by Nicolas Holzschuch
View
a-Shell mini
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
View
Carnets - Jupyter
A standalone Jupyter notebook
View
Carnets - Jupyter (with scipy)
Jupyter notebooks, with scipy
You Might Also Like
View
xTerminal - SSH Terminal Shell
SSH Client, Shell Console Term
View
Kodex
A powerful code editor
View
Runestone Text Editor
Edit plain text and code
View
Textastic Code Editor
Text, Coding, SFTP Client, SSH
View
Web Inspector
Developer Console for Safari
View
Terminal#
SSH client
View
Pyto IDE
Python, C/C++
View
Code Editor - Compiler &amp; IDE
Programming on mobile
View
Termius - Modern SSH Client
SFTP, Terminal, Telnet, PuTTY
View
Proxyman - Capture HTTPS
Capture HTTPS from your iPhone
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)
Select a country or region
Africa, Middle East, and India
See All
Algeria
Angola
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Cameroun
Cape Verde
Chad
Côte d’Ivoire
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Egypt
Eswatini
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea-Bissau
India
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger (English)
Nigeria
Oman
Qatar
Congo, Republic of
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uganda
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Asia Pacific
See All
Afghanistan
Australia
Bhutan
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
中国大陆
Fiji
香港
Indonesia (English)
日本
Kazakhstan
대한민국
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
澳門
Malaysia (English)
Maldives
Micronesia, Federated States of
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Zealand
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Singapore
Solomon Islands
台灣
Thailand
Tonga
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Europe
See All
Albania
Armenia
Österreich
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France (Français)
Georgia
Deutschland
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italia
Kosovo
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg (English)
Malta
Moldova, Republic Of
Montenegro
Nederland
North Macedonia
Norway
Poland
Portugal (Português)
Romania
Россия
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
España
Sverige
Schweiz
Türkiye (English)
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Latin America and the Caribbean
See All
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina (Español)
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia (Español)
Brasil
Virgin Islands, British
Cayman Islands
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Costa Rica (Español)
Dominica
República Dominicana
Ecuador (Español)
El Salvador (Español)
Grenada
Guatemala (Español)
Guyana
Honduras (Español)
Jamaica
México
Montserrat
Nicaragua (Español)
Panamá
Paraguay (Español)
Perú
St. Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
St. Vincent and The Grenadines
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos
Uruguay (English)
Venezuela (Español)
The United States and Canada
See All
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
United States
Estados Unidos (Español México)
الولايات المتحدة
США
美国 (简体中文)
États-Unis (Français France)
미국
Estados Unidos (Português Brasil)
Hoa Kỳ
美國 (繁體中文台灣)
Copyright © 2026
Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.
Internet Service Terms
App Store &amp; Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support
