‎Pyto IDE App - App Store
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Pyto IDE
Python, C/C++
Free · In‑App Purchases · Designed for iPad
Share
997 Ratings
3.7
Age Rating
4+
Years
Chart
#48
Developer Tools
Developer
Develobile S.p.A.
Language
EN
+ 3 More
Size
975.7
MB
iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch
Pyto is an IDE for iPhone and iPad with a Python 3.10 Interpreter and all of the standard libraries plus more than 100 third party packages, as well as a C &amp; C++ compiler and bitcode interpreter. Includes a terminal with standard UNIX commands, a code editor with code completion, support for Shortcuts, Picture in Picture, a graphical interface builder and a debugger.
* Full version exclusive third party modules *
- Cython, cryptography, typed_ast, cv2, _cffi_backend, kiwisolver, matplotlib, numpy, pandas, lxml, Bio, sklearn, skimage, scipy, erfa, pywt, nacl, bcrypt, statsmodels, zmq, regex, gensim, astropy, emd, wasm3, yaml
* Built-in UNIX commands *
- alias, awk, cat, chflags, chmod, cksum, clang, compress, cp, curl, date, diff, dig, du, egrep, env, fgrep, find, grep, gunzip, gzip, head, host, ifconfig, link, lli, llvm-link, ln, ls, md5, mkdir, mv, nc, nslookup, open, openurl, pbcopy, pbpaste, ping, printenv, pwd, readlink, rlogin, rm, rmdir, say, scp, sed, sftp, sort, ssh, ssh-keygen, stat, sum, tail, tar, tee, telnet, touch, tr, unalias, uname, uncompress, uniq, unlink, uptime, wc, whoami, whois, wol
Take advantage system features with the following modules:
- pyto_ui - Build an user interface
- widgets - Home Screen Widgets
- file_system - iOS file system
- notifications - Schedule notifications
- remote_notifications - Receive remote notifications
- background - Run code in background
- pasteboard - Clipboard access
- userkeys - Save values on disk
- sound - Play sounds
- music - Access the Apple Music library
- photos - Accessing photos and the camera
- location - Access user's location
- motion - Motion sensors
- multipeer - Peer to peer wireless connection
- apps - Open third party apps
- xcallback - Interact with other apps
- sf_symbols - A list of SF Symbols names
- watch - Complications and static user interfaces for the Apple Watch
more
Ratings &amp; Reviews
3.7
out of 5
997 Ratings
Great, if it worked offline.
06/07/2022
1ydia
First of all, regarding the title, this app works well, but it has an odd habit of asking me to purchase it— again, even though I’ve already purchased it. I need to restore the purchase by going online, which is an issue on my ipad.Other than that, feels professional. It’s easy enough to navigate tabs (I just wish you could go up the file tree), and it lets you make projects— not just single files— and structure them. Feels almost like a desktop application! Since I have a bluetooth keyboard, works even better. The only problem I have, again, is the restore purchase issue which is annoying, especially since it happens every time I open the app.I will update this review if it’s fixed.
Great, if it worked offline.
06/07/2022
1ydia
First of all, regarding the title, this app works well, but it has an odd habit of asking me to purchase it— again, even though I’ve already purchased it. I need to restore the purchase by going online, which is an issue on my ipad.Other than that, feels professional. It’s easy enough to navigate tabs (I just wish you could go up the file tree), and it lets you make projects— not just single files— and structure them. Feels almost like a desktop application! Since I have a bluetooth keyboard, works even better. The only problem I have, again, is the restore purchase issue which is annoying, especially since it happens every time I open the app.I will update this review if it’s fixed.
Love the app.  Bugs happen.  Where to report them?
10/02/2019
AI Architect
I really like this app.  I write Python for machine learning applications for a living and having this tool on my iPhone and iPad 4 mini has become a true delight.  I've encountered a weird problem with loading csv files.  I have many csv files for testing a program, which I load one at a time.  Some load but most are viewed by Pyto as nonexistent.  I've deleted and recreated them multiple times without success.  Where do I report errors like this?Not to bring completion to the discussion but I've also been using Pythonista3.  I'm disappointed that they have far less module and library support than Pyto but I have no issue loading csv files as I need to.  Only saying I know it's not the files. Help :)The fact that Pyto seems more concerned about delivering  comprehensive functionality makes me smile for sure.  Keep it up :). I'll remain loyal !
Developer Response
Hi,Thanks for the review. For reporting bugs, you can do it in GitHub: https://github.com/ColdGrub1384/Pyto/issues or by sending an email to adrian@labbe.me. The problem with loading external files from a script is probably that Pyto doesn’t have permission to read them or maybe they aren’t downloaded. Are all the CSV files in the same directory? If so, go the Files app and check if the files are downloaded and open them to download the files. If they aren’t in the same directory, maybe Pyto doesn’t have permission to read the directory where some CSV files are. To fix that, open the script that will be executed, press the Settings icon at bottom, press “Current Directory” and if the current directory isn’t readable, press “Change”. You don’t really need to change it but just confirm the directory because that’s how iOS gives permission to the app to access the folder.
Love the app.  Bugs happen.  Where to report them?
10/02/2019
AI Architect
I really like this app.  I write Python for machine learning applications for a living and having this tool on my iPhone and iPad 4 mini has become a true delight.  I've encountered a weird problem with loading csv files.  I have many csv files for testing a program, which I load one at a time.  Some load but most are viewed by Pyto as nonexistent.  I've deleted and recreated them multiple times without success.  Where do I report errors like this?Not to bring completion to the discussion but I've also been using Pythonista3.  I'm disappointed that they have far less module and library support than Pyto but I have no issue loading csv files as I need to.  Only saying I know it's not the files. Help :)The fact that Pyto seems more concerned about delivering  comprehensive functionality makes me smile for sure.  Keep it up :). I'll remain loyal !
Developer Response
10/04/2019
Hi,Thanks for the review. For reporting bugs, you can do it in GitHub: https://github.com/ColdGrub1384/Pyto/issues or by sending an email to adrian@labbe.me. The problem with loading external files from a script is probably that Pyto doesn’t have permission to read them or maybe they aren’t downloaded. Are all the CSV files in the same directory? If so, go the Files app and check if the files are downloaded and open them to download the files. If they aren’t in the same directory, maybe Pyto doesn’t have permission to read the directory where some CSV files are. To fix that, open the script that will be executed, press the Settings icon at bottom, press “Current Directory” and if the current directory isn’t readable, press “Change”. You don’t really need to change it but just confirm the directory because that’s how iOS gives permission to the app to access the folder.
Crashing
05/12/2021
PTLion
You can find lots of feedback online regarding Pyto crashing in many different ways. Right out of the gate, it crashed as I opened a file thru Working Copy (git), and immediately it lost knowledge about the 3~days trial and I had to accept the trial once again. A couple of files later it locked up, and I had to restart it. It now regularly crashes when a file is opened from Working Copy, sometimes the file is not opened in the Pyto editor, and sometimes Pyto crashes when executing a script.This is way too unstable for my (any?) use. And note, I don’t mind paying for the pro version, but an app, especially an editor, needs to be rock stable for practical uses, functionality is worth nothing in a constantly crashing app.Final comment: my iOS is fully up-to-date, was rebooted and I am using latest Pyto version. The app also crash in multiple ways. I don’t think this is a single minor bug fix, rather a fundamental problem that will require a ground up redesign of the app before it can stabilize.
Crashing
05/12/2021
PTLion
You can find lots of feedback online regarding Pyto crashing in many different ways. Right out of the gate, it crashed as I opened a file thru Working Copy (git), and immediately it lost knowledge about the 3~days trial and I had to accept the trial once again. A couple of files later it locked up, and I had to restart it. It now regularly crashes when a file is opened from Working Copy, sometimes the file is not opened in the Pyto editor, and sometimes Pyto crashes when executing a script.This is way too unstable for my (any?) use. And note, I don’t mind paying for the pro version, but an app, especially an editor, needs to be rock stable for practical uses, functionality is worth nothing in a constantly crashing app.Final comment: my iOS is fully up-to-date, was rebooted and I am using latest Pyto version. The app also crash in multiple ways. I don’t think this is a single minor bug fix, rather a fundamental problem that will require a ground up redesign of the app before it can stabilize.
Good, but broken by input()
02/17/2022
screw nicknamesssssssssssss
Haven’t had any issues until today. Tried using input() function, and it causes the app to freak out.Specifically, it makes the console unusable until you restart the app AND run a script that doesn’t use input(). At least, that’s what I’m experiencing.By ‘freak out’, I mean it simply returns all text I type into the console without actually doing anything. The three &gt;&gt;&gt; are missing. So if I type “test = 4”, the console will return “test = 4” without any syntax highlighting. Upon typing something like “test” or “print(test)” to check the value/output, it simply returns those exact strings I had typed into the console immediately prior — “test” or “print(test)”, respectively.Sometimes, every time I type a character into the console (not even hitting Enter/Return, literally just typing), the console will output the current working directory. Like what?I’ll give credit where credit is due — This app is overall the best I’ve found for iPad, especially with Pythonista being seemingly abandoned by bad devs. However, Pyto certainly crashes a decent amount, and weird bugs like the one I’ve mentioned make me question how robust it really is.Definitely worth a download if you need a solution for iPad, but $10 is way too much for the amount of instability it has. In its current state, I’d say $2.99 would be more fair. Not saying every app should be free of bugs, but this is sheer instability and it’s very evident. For now, I’d stick to something like Spyder if you have access to a proper laptop/PC.I commend the devs for the work they’ve done, but I must lambast the price tag and tell you that your product has some serious issues. You know how it is.
Good, but broken by input()
02/17/2022
screw nicknamesssssssssssss
Haven’t had any issues until today. Tried using input() function, and it causes the app to freak out.Specifically, it makes the console unusable until you restart the app AND run a script that doesn’t use input(). At least, that’s what I’m experiencing.By ‘freak out’, I mean it simply returns all text I type into the console without actually doing anything. The three &gt;&gt;&gt; are missing. So if I type “test = 4”, the console will return “test = 4” without any syntax highlighting. Upon typing something like “test” or “print(test)” to check the value/output, it simply returns those exact strings I had typed into the console immediately prior — “test” or “print(test)”, respectively.Sometimes, every time I type a character into the console (not even hitting Enter/Return, literally just typing), the console will output the current working directory. Like what?I’ll give credit where credit is due — This app is overall the best I’ve found for iPad, especially with Pythonista being seemingly abandoned by bad devs. However, Pyto certainly crashes a decent amount, and weird bugs like the one I’ve mentioned make me question how robust it really is.Definitely worth a download if you need a solution for iPad, but $10 is way too much for the amount of instability it has. In its current state, I’d say $2.99 would be more fair. Not saying every app should be free of bugs, but this is sheer instability and it’s very evident. For now, I’d stick to something like Spyder if you have access to a proper laptop/PC.I commend the devs for the work they’ve done, but I must lambast the price tag and tell you that your product has some serious issues. You know how it is.
What’s New
Version History
This app has been updated by Apple to prepare for watchOS 27 compatibility. No new features are included.
- Fixed template project with UI
19.0.1
06/09/2024
- Updated for iOS/iPadOS 17
- New interface builder for PytoUI
- Shell on the code editor and multiple tabs on the full screen terminal
- New project templates for C/C++ extensions and standalone programs
- Other new improvements to Pyto libraries
- Bug fixes
19.0
06/03/2024
Fixed an issue showing the purchase screen for people who have purchased Pyto when it was paid upfront.&nbsp;This was caused by the revocation of a certificate bundle within the app itself.
If you have purchased it again as an In App Purchase, please request a refund to the App Store (https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204084), this was not intended and I am very sorry for the inconvenience.
18.0.12
02/21/2023
Fixed a bug with code completion on iPhone
18.0.11
07/28/2022
Bug fixes
18.0.10
07/22/2022
- Added a keyboard shortcut to hide suggestions: ESC or ⌘.
- Added a button to hide suggestions
- Bug fixes
18.0.9
07/21/2022
Fixed the terminal for users without iCloud Drive
18.0.8
07/08/2022
Fixed a crash
18.0.7
06/29/2022
Fixed a crash when running scripts
18.0.6
06/24/2022
Fixed matplotlib
18.0.5
06/07/2022
Fixed cryptography
18.0.3
06/03/2022
Fixed PyPI UI
18.0.2
05/13/2022
- Fixed code completion problems
- Fixed OpenCV missing
18.0.1
05/05/2022
Terminal
--------
The REPL and the Shell were merged into a 'Terminal' section that can run UNIX commands or the Python interpreter. These commands can also be executed with the 'subprocess' module or 'os.system'.
The shell will no longer recognize Python modules unless an entry point was specified in 'setup.py' or 'setup.cfg', so modules like 'pip' will be recognized. To run other modules, use 'python -m'.
Good bye to the toolbar, the input is now directly written to the console.
Pressing an image will open it in full screen.
Code editor
-----------
On iPad, the suggestions, and now doc strings, are displayed under the cursor.
Modules
-------
All third party modules scripts are now included inside the app bundle and don't need to be downloaded. This makes the app's size way bigger but I think it was a bad user experience to have to download scripts again because a library was updated even if the app was also updated.
'sharing' and 'bookmarks' were merged into a 'file_system' module.
File browser
------------
The file browser displays folders in a hierarchical way.
There is a new template for setuptools projects.
Documentation
-------------
You can now download the documentation for third party libraries included with the app and build your own documentations with Sphinx.
PyPI
----
There is now a complete version of pip so it should now behave like it does on any computer (with the exception of C extensions of course). That makes it possible to run 'pip install .' to install your own projects.
The PyPI section of the app now displays installed modules and also available upgrades.
Shortcuts
---------
New shortcut: Run Command
New parameters:
- Working directory
- sys.stdin
18.0
05/01/2022
- Improved syntax highlighting
- Bug fixes
17.1.1
12/31/2021
- An UI for debugging scripts with breakpoints
- Moved items from the editor's toolbar to a menu accessible from the top bar
- The REPL now uses the same colors as the editor
- Improved the module runner
- Included the Python documentation in app
- Bug fixes
17.1
12/30/2021
- Upgraded to Python 3.10
- Dropped iOS / iPadOS 13 support
- A new UI without the system file browser
- Run scripts in Picture in Picture
- A new UI for tracebacks
- Edit any kind of text file
- Better UI for finding and replacing text in the editor
- Build cross platform UIs with Toga
- Add files as attachments to scripts running from Shortcuts
- New pasteboard APIs to work with any type of data
- sys.path, sys.argv and the working directory are no longer shared between all scripts
- shutil.get_terminal_size() now always returns the size of the correct terminal
- Show HTML files from the editor and add Python code in a script tag
- Bug fixes
17.0
12/24/2021
Bug fixes
16.1.3
07/05/2021
Bug fixes
16.1.2
06/21/2021
Multiple bug fixes
16.1.1
06/12/2021
- The performance of the console was greatly improved
- Bug fixes
16.1
05/21/2021
Bug fixes
16.0.2
03/30/2021
- Bug fixes
- Fixed issues with 'cryptography'
16.0.1
02/09/2021
This update brings support for M1 Macs
16.0
01/22/2021
- There is now a search bar in the project navigator
- Fixed 'webbrowser.open_url'
15.0.4
01/16/2021
This app has been updated by Apple to prepare for watchOS 27 compatibility. No new features are included.
- Fixed template project with UI
more
Version 19.0.1
06/09/2024
In-App Purchases
3-day Trial
Try the app during 3 days
Get
Lite Version
Unlock Pyto without its 3rd party libraries
$7.99
Full Version
Unlock Pyto with all its 3rd party libraries
$14.99
App Privacy
App Privacy
The developer,
Develobile S.p.A.
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. This information has not been verified by Apple. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
To help you better understand the developer’s responses, see
Privacy Definitions and Examples
.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
The developer,
Develobile S.p.A.
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Accessibility
The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports.
Learn More
Information
Seller
Develobile S.p.A.
Size
975.7 MB
Category
Developer Tools
Compatibility
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
iPhone
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later.
iPod&nbsp;touch
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS&nbsp;11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple&nbsp;M1&nbsp;chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Apple Watch
Requires watchOS 7.0 or later.
Languages
English and 3 more
English, French, German, Spanish
Age Rating
4+
4+
Learn More
In-App Purchases
Yes
3-day Trial
$0.00
Full Version
$14.99
Lite Version
$7.99
Upgrade to Full Version
$6.99
Learn More
Copyright
© 2018-2024 Emma Labbé
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Supports
Family Sharing
Some in-app purchases and subscriptions may be shareable with your family group when Family Sharing is enabled.
Learn More
More by Develobile S.p.A.
View
LibTerm
Command Line Shell
View
Spliteb for Safari
Web Inspector
View
Deadname Eraser for Safari
Utilities
View
ShortWeb
Web automations
View
SeeLess - C Compiler
LLVM IR
You Might Also Like
View
Python Editor App
Create and Run your Python 3
View
Kodex
A powerful code editor
View
Runestone Text Editor
Edit plain text and code
View
Textastic Code Editor
Text, Coding, SFTP Client, SSH
View
a-Shell
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
View
xTerminal - SSH Terminal Shell
SSH Client, Shell Console Term
View
Python Coding Editor &amp; IDE App
Compiler - Run &amp; Learn Py 3
View
Git client - Working Copy
for GitHub and self-hosted
View
Web Inspector
Developer Console for Safari
View
Code Editor - Compiler &amp; IDE
Programming on mobile
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)
Select a country or region
Africa, Middle East, and India
See All
Algeria
Angola
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Cameroun
Cape Verde
Chad
Côte d’Ivoire
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Egypt
Eswatini
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea-Bissau
India
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger (English)
Nigeria
Oman
Qatar
Congo, Republic of
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uganda
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Asia Pacific
See All
Afghanistan
Australia
Bhutan
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
中国大陆
Fiji
香港
Indonesia (English)
日本
Kazakhstan
대한민국
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
澳門
Malaysia (English)
Maldives
Micronesia, Federated States of
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Zealand
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Singapore
Solomon Islands
台灣
Thailand
Tonga
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Europe
See All
Albania
Armenia
Österreich
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France (Français)
Georgia
Deutschland
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italia
Kosovo
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg (English)
Malta
Moldova, Republic Of
Montenegro
Nederland
North Macedonia
Norway
Poland
Portugal (Português)
Romania
Россия
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
España
Sverige
Schweiz
Türkiye (English)
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Latin America and the Caribbean
See All
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina (Español)
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia (Español)
Brasil
Virgin Islands, British
Cayman Islands
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Costa Rica (Español)
Dominica
República Dominicana
Ecuador (Español)
El Salvador (Español)
Grenada
Guatemala (Español)
Guyana
Honduras (Español)
Jamaica
México
Montserrat
Nicaragua (Español)
Panamá
Paraguay (Español)
Perú
St. Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
St. Vincent and The Grenadines
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos
Uruguay (English)
Venezuela (Español)
The United States and Canada
See All
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
United States
Estados Unidos (Español México)
الولايات المتحدة
США
美国 (简体中文)
États-Unis (Français France)
미국
Estados Unidos (Português Brasil)
Hoa Kỳ
美國 (繁體中文台灣)
Copyright © 2026
Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.
Internet Service Terms
App Store &amp; Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support
