How vibe-coding app Anything is rebuilding after getting booted from the App Store twice | TechCrunch
Disrupt 2026: OpenAI, Anthropic, Replit, and more take over 6 industry stages.
25% off tickets now
Back by popular demand:
Save up to $300 on Disrupt
Close
TechCrunch Desktop Logo
TechCrunch Mobile Logo
Latest
Startups
Venture
Apple
Security
AI
Apps
Disrupt 2026
Events
Podcasts
Newsletters
Search
Submit
Site Search Toggle
Mega Menu Toggle
Topics
Latest
AI
Amazon
Apps
Biotech &amp; Health
Climate
Cloud Computing
Commerce
Crypto
Enterprise
EVs
Fintech
Fundraising
Gadgets
Gaming
Google
Government &amp; Policy
Hardware
Instagram
Layoffs
Media &amp; Entertainment
Meta
Microsoft
Privacy
Robotics
Security
Social
Space
Startups
TikTok
Transportation
Venture
More from TechCrunch
Staff
Events
Startup Battlefield
StrictlyVC
Newsletters
Podcasts
Videos
Partner Content
TechCrunch Brand Studio
Contact Us
Image Credits:
Anything
Apps
How vibe-coding app Anything is rebuilding after getting booted from the App Store twice
Ivan Mehta
7:22 AM PDT · April 14, 2026
Apple is taking a tough stance on vibe-coding apps as the company is
blocking updates
or removing those apps from the App Store. Affected apps include
Replit
, Vibecode, and
Anything
. While Replit and Vibecode&#8217;s updates were paused, Anything&#8217;s app was removed twice. The company is now looking for new ways, like offering a desktop version of its service, to let users build apps for mobile devices.
Anything&#8217;s co-founder, Dhruv Amin, said in a conversation with TechCrunch that Apple removed its app on March 26. Since then, the company has been unable to get its app approved, despite a period where there was a brief reinstatement.
&#8220;It&#8217;s been a long saga. We built a mobile app primarily to let our users who are building iOS apps preview their own app on their own device while developing it. [We] had no problems through December. Post December, we and everyone else in the category started getting our updates blocked,&#8221; Amin told TechCrunch.
Amin noted that Apple told the company that the app was restricted or removed because of its developer agreement clause 2.5.2, which prevents apps from downloading, installing, or executing code.
&#8220;The app markets itself as a mobile app builder for iPhone and advertises making native iOS apps with features like 1-tap App Store submissions, code export, and full source code editing,&#8221; Apple told the company, according to a screenshot of an email
shared by Anything on X
.
Guideline 2.5.2 &#8211; Gatekeeping &#8211; Vibes denied
we haven&#39;t talked about this publicly
for months we tried to resolve it privately with emails, calls, appeals, and four technical rewrites to comply with whatever Apple wanted
here&#39;s our truth, unfiltered
on March 26th, Apple…
pic.twitter.com/yJfjxonC41
&mdash; Anything (@anything)
April 7, 2026
Amin said that when the company managed to get on a call with Apple, the iPhone maker told them that the vibe-coding app was removed because of the potential it could be used to download malicious code. In addition, Apple noted that a user could build a harmful app, sideload it on their phone, and then claim that it passed Apple&#8217;s App Review process.
Anything&#8217;s app
was restored on April 3
, but it was swiftly removed as Apple told the company that it couldn&#8217;t market itself as an app maker.
TechCrunch reached out to Apple for a comment on these removals, and we will update the story if we hear back.
Following the battle with Apple, Anything&#8217;s maker is looking for other ways to allow people to build mobile apps. Earlier this month, the company launched a feature that let users build apps using the iMessage platform. The company said it will also build a desktop companion app that lets users vibe code mobile apps on their computer.
In addition, Amin said that the company may instead look at Google&#8217;s Android operating system for building its apps, as the platform is more open than iOS.
Besides vibe-coding app makers, Epic Games CEO Tim Sweeney has been vocal about Apple&#8217;s tactics.
In a reply to Replit&#8217;s Amjad Masad on X, Sweeny said that Apple needs to &#8220;stop blocking development tools apps ASAP.&#8221;
Apple needs to stop blocking development tools apps ASAP. This practice is abhorrent to the founding principles of Apple as expressed by Steve Wozniak, in which every Apple ][ computer booted to a programming language prompt and treated using and making software equally.
&mdash; Tim Sweeney (@TimSweeneyEpic)
April 5, 2026
Earlier this month,
The Information
reported that thanks to AI-powered coding tools, Apple saw an 84% jump in app submissions in a single quarter. This could force Apple to change its human-led review processes.
Plus, as AI-powered coding takes off, consumers might demand that platforms like Apple allow them to create apps for themselves.
Topics
AI
,
app store
,
Apple
,
Apps
,
developers
,
iOS
,
TC
,
vibe coding
When you purchase through links in our articles,
we may earn a small commission
. This doesn’t affect our editorial independence.
Ivan Mehta
Ivan covers global consumer tech developments at TechCrunch. He is based out of India and has previously worked at publications including Huffington Post and The Next Web.
You can contact or verify outreach from Ivan by emailing
im@ivanmehta.com
or via encrypted message at ivan.42 on Signal.
View Bio
October 13 &#8211; 15
San Francisco
Last day to book an exhibit table is September 18. Don’t miss out on high-impact leads, investor access, and a brand spotlight in Disrupt’s Expo Hall.
BOOK NOW
Most Popular
Clean tech startup Fluxnium found a way to tap 50,000 years&#8217; worth of nuclear fuel
Tim De Chant
Jensen Huang took a call from Trump, and showed off something else, too
Connie Loizos
The 9 buzziest startups from Y Combinator’s latest Demo Day, according to VCs
Marina Temkin
Dominic-Madori Davis
Tesla says it will finally unveil the second-generation Roadster on October 1
Anthony Ha
Revolut confirms customer data breach through fake government requests
Jagmeet Singh
Matt Mullenweg tells (trolls?) Automattic staff, saying he&#8217;s back in control after CEO ouster
Sarah Perez
OpenAI puts Pro subscriptions on hold due to Astra demand
Sarah Perez
Loading the next article
Error loading the next article
X
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram
youTube
Mastodon
Threads
Bluesky
TechCrunch
Staff
Contact Us
Advertise
Site Map
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
RSS Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
OpenAI
Hugging Face
Flock
Startup Battlefield
Disrupt 2026
Tech Layoffs
ChatGPT
© 2026 TechCrunch Media LLC.
