‎Termius - Modern SSH Client App - App Store
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Termius - Modern SSH Client
SFTP, Terminal, Telnet, PuTTY
Free · In‑App Purchases
Share
19K Ratings
4.7
Age Rating
4+
Years
Chart
#11
Developer Tools
Developer
Termius Corporation
Language
EN
English
Size
236.5
MB
iPhone, iPad
Termius is an SSH client and terminal, as it should be. Connect with one tap from any mobile and desktop device—no re-entering IP addresses, ports, and passwords.
With a free Termius Starter plan, you can:
· Connect from your mobile and desktop device with SSH, Mosh, Telnet, Port Forwarding, and SFTP.
· Get a desktop-grade terminal experience with a virtual keyboard covering all the special keys required, or connect your Bluetooth keyboard.
· Use gestures or shake the device while in the terminal to emulate stroking of Tab, arrows, PgUp/Down, Home, and End, etc.
· Work in several sessions simultaneously with a multi-tab interface and split-view support.
· Authenticate using hardware FIDO2 keys.
· Set custom environment variables.
· Customize your terminal themes and fonts for each connection.
· Save your favorite and frequently used commands and shell scripts to execute them with a tap instead of typing.
· Quickly access the unified history of your terminal commands.
· Get the support of ECDSA and ed25519 keys and a chacha20-poly1305 cipher.
· Ad-free.
With the Termius Pro plan, you can also:
· Access your connection settings and credentials from any device, anytime, with an encrypted cloud vault.
· No limitations on the number of devices to sync.
· Run your saved commands on multiple sessions or servers, or instantly get them autocompleted in the terminal.
· Connect through Proxy and jump servers.
· Integrate with AWS and DigitalOcean.
· Protect your credentials with Touch ID or Face ID and your account with two-factor authentication.
· Keep your keys on your machine with SSH agent forwarding.
Termius reinvents the command line experience. We strive to make remote access for admins and engineers a more productive and enjoyable experience.
Termius Pro Subscription is available through auto-renewable annual or monthly subscriptions (prices vary by region). It attaches to the Termius account to enable access to backup, sync, and all Pro benefits on multiple devices across all platforms supported by Termius. A subscription may be used both for personal and business purposes.
Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. The subscription will renew automatically. Cancellation of a future subscription may be made up to 24 hours before the end of the trial period. The actual subscription may not be manually canceled before its termination date. Subscriptions may be managed, ​including disabling auto-renewal, in the Account Settings after purchase.
Please review our privacy policy https://termius.com/privacy_policy.html and terms of use https://termius.com/terms_of_use.html.
more
Ratings &amp; Reviews
4.7
out of 5
19K Ratings
I downloaded the free version years ago
02/09/2020
Sigadore
Now that I find myself in a new role, being able to use my iPad for more of my actions has become possible.  Additional changes in iPadOS which promote the substitution of an iPad for carrying around a laptop have pushed me to l see how much I can get done just using an iPad.  Part of my role is directly interacting with a handful of Cloud Based Servers.  I looked over the many choices in the Store and found I had already gotten this one.  So, I give it a fresh look.  First it is still being updated regularly.  It gets me quickly to the creation of a new Host with exactly the right questions and allows me to group hosts *with sensible defaults* including the ssh-key to be used!  I was just blown away, when I needed to construct a tunnel forwarding, that this too was part of the FREE product and EASY to describe / turn on and off.  This is now my GoTo tool when I need to bring up a fresh server or maintain and existing one.  With this much features and support for the FREE version (no timeout, etc.), it is worth kicking the tires for yourself and about time I shoot money to the author to support this great tool.
I downloaded the free version years ago
02/09/2020
Sigadore
Now that I find myself in a new role, being able to use my iPad for more of my actions has become possible.  Additional changes in iPadOS which promote the substitution of an iPad for carrying around a laptop have pushed me to l see how much I can get done just using an iPad.  Part of my role is directly interacting with a handful of Cloud Based Servers.  I looked over the many choices in the Store and found I had already gotten this one.  So, I give it a fresh look.  First it is still being updated regularly.  It gets me quickly to the creation of a new Host with exactly the right questions and allows me to group hosts *with sensible defaults* including the ssh-key to be used!  I was just blown away, when I needed to construct a tunnel forwarding, that this too was part of the FREE product and EASY to describe / turn on and off.  This is now my GoTo tool when I need to bring up a fresh server or maintain and existing one.  With this much features and support for the FREE version (no timeout, etc.), it is worth kicking the tires for yourself and about time I shoot money to the author to support this great tool.
Replaced several other SSH/SFTP clients on PC/Mac/iOS
06/18/2019
User_R116
I have been in IT for 15 years at this point and have used basically every major terminal emulator and SFTP client there is on every platform (PC/Mac/Android/iOS/Linux/Solaris/BSD/HP-unix/et al.) Paid, free, doesn't matter, I’ve shelled out the cash to buy serious SSH clients. But none have really cleaned up the whole experience as well as Termius here. I can shift between any of my systems, iPad, iPhone, Mac, PC and share the same set of devices, public key auth credentials, and scripts. Nobody does it like this, at this level of quality, in such a great looking cross-platform UI. Yes, it costs money for the subscription. SO WHAT! Do you want to have a cloud service that does all the above and gets better with time while responding to new tech? You gotta help pay the developers that make that work. Just give it a shot, the 14 day free trial thing will tell you all you need to know. For me, I have paid upwards of $700 for other systems that provide these features.... on PC/MAC... but not mobile as well. So is Termius worth a few bucks a month? Of course. Would highly recommend.
Replaced several other SSH/SFTP clients on PC/Mac/iOS
06/18/2019
User_R116
I have been in IT for 15 years at this point and have used basically every major terminal emulator and SFTP client there is on every platform (PC/Mac/Android/iOS/Linux/Solaris/BSD/HP-unix/et al.) Paid, free, doesn't matter, I’ve shelled out the cash to buy serious SSH clients. But none have really cleaned up the whole experience as well as Termius here. I can shift between any of my systems, iPad, iPhone, Mac, PC and share the same set of devices, public key auth credentials, and scripts. Nobody does it like this, at this level of quality, in such a great looking cross-platform UI. Yes, it costs money for the subscription. SO WHAT! Do you want to have a cloud service that does all the above and gets better with time while responding to new tech? You gotta help pay the developers that make that work. Just give it a shot, the 14 day free trial thing will tell you all you need to know. For me, I have paid upwards of $700 for other systems that provide these features.... on PC/MAC... but not mobile as well. So is Termius worth a few bucks a month? Of course. Would highly recommend.
Best free SSH client on iOS
10/19/2017
D4nk m33m335
This is a great SSH client, with support for saving identities, key generation, and port forwarding even in the free version. The only downside is sessions cannot stay open in the background for more than 3 minutes, but that is a limitation of iOS itself, not Termius. I also wish it advised users to use SSH instead of Telnet the first time they use it because Telnet is unencrypted and you should really avoid using it if at all possible. I use Termius for connecting to my Debian server when I don't have my computer on me and need to do something that I can't do through the Webmin interface. The port forwarding feature comes in handy when I need to do something like connect to said Webmin interface remotely or use OpenVPN in public places when it is blocked (Surprisingly, I have run into this problem before, at an airport). Overall, a great app if you have a server and don't want to carry a computer around to access it.
Best free SSH client on iOS
10/19/2017
D4nk m33m335
This is a great SSH client, with support for saving identities, key generation, and port forwarding even in the free version. The only downside is sessions cannot stay open in the background for more than 3 minutes, but that is a limitation of iOS itself, not Termius. I also wish it advised users to use SSH instead of Telnet the first time they use it because Telnet is unencrypted and you should really avoid using it if at all possible. I use Termius for connecting to my Debian server when I don't have my computer on me and need to do something that I can't do through the Webmin interface. The port forwarding feature comes in handy when I need to do something like connect to said Webmin interface remotely or use OpenVPN in public places when it is blocked (Surprisingly, I have run into this problem before, at an airport). Overall, a great app if you have a server and don't want to carry a computer around to access it.
Great Extended Soft Keyboard
02/02/2020
--csc
Cleanest look and feel too., but SFTP is locked behind a sub. model. I’d drop $59 for this in a heartbeat and consider up to $99, but even that would only get me 6 - 10 months of use under the subscription model.  I have no fewer than 6 Raspberry Pi’s running throughout my house (not enterprise business) at any given time.  Oh how sweet it is to do all I could want from my new iPad Air 3 without leaving the Lazyboy in the evenings. Well almost all. Not sftp. I don’t mind copying my Termius public key around by hand. That’s a good enterprise-pay feature. Ditto for on going Mosh dev, automated execution snippets, and so on.  Until there is a one-time purchase option for personal use, or sftp is moved out to free, I see this as a product for business users. I could not recommend this product to makers or hobbyists.  If you’re getting used to doing functional things on iOS/iPadOS now, hobbyists may as well get used to the individual quirks of something else with sftp instead, if you haven’t already tweaked your setup or copied your keys around.
Great Extended Soft Keyboard
02/02/2020
--csc
Cleanest look and feel too., but SFTP is locked behind a sub. model. I’d drop $59 for this in a heartbeat and consider up to $99, but even that would only get me 6 - 10 months of use under the subscription model.  I have no fewer than 6 Raspberry Pi’s running throughout my house (not enterprise business) at any given time.  Oh how sweet it is to do all I could want from my new iPad Air 3 without leaving the Lazyboy in the evenings. Well almost all. Not sftp. I don’t mind copying my Termius public key around by hand. That’s a good enterprise-pay feature. Ditto for on going Mosh dev, automated execution snippets, and so on.  Until there is a one-time purchase option for personal use, or sftp is moved out to free, I see this as a product for business users. I could not recommend this product to makers or hobbyists.  If you’re getting used to doing functional things on iOS/iPadOS now, hobbyists may as well get used to the individual quirks of something else with sftp instead, if you haven’t already tweaked your setup or copied your keys around.
What’s New
Version History
- Added support for pasting images and files in the terminal in MOSH sessions. Paste, drag and drop, use the paperclip button, or use the system share dialog to quickly upload a file to the host.
- Other stability improvements.
7.8.0
2d ago
- Security fixes and UI improvements.
7.7.0
Sep 6
- Fixed search issues on the Hosts, Snippets, and other screens.
- Other stability improvements.
7.6.1
Sep 2
- Added OSC 8 support for hyperlinks in the terminal.
- Added "Alt+click" support in the terminal.
- A "hide-keyboard" button can now be added to the keyboard add-on.
- Fixed selection and copy experience when the keyboard is hidden.
- Sync stability improvements.
- Other stability and UI improvements.
7.6.0
Aug 9
- Added support for pasting images and files in the terminal. Paste, drag and drop, or use the system share dialog to quickly upload a file to the host. The file path is then automatically pasted into the terminal.
- Patched libssh2 for CVE-2026-55200.
- Other stability improvements.
7.5.0
Jul 8
- Added support for ANSI OSC 52 for better copy-paste experience in the terminal.
- Improved scrolling experience in the terminal.
- Changed the default sorting order in SFTP to be by kind.
- Expanded hardware keyboard support.
- Other stability improvements.
7.4.0
Jun 28
- Added support for auth banners during the connection flow.
- Fixed a bug with sorting of snippets in the side panel.
- Fixed a bug with copying of text from nano.
- Fixed a bug with the blank terminal screen after device rotation when using a custom keyboard.
- Other stability improvements.
7.3.5
Jun 14
- Fixed incorrect display of port forwarding rule descriptions.
- Fixed an issue with snippets preview in the terminal.
- Stability and security improvements.
7.3.4
May 6
- Added support for ML-DSA key generation and authentication (requires server-side ML-DSA support).
7.3.3
Feb 23
- Fixed a bug with copying of double-width characters from the terminal
- Updated the icon for hosts that are set up for development with OpenCode
- Other stability and performance improvements
7.3.2
Jan 25
- SSH Certificates and Environment Variables are now free!
- Added "linux" terminal emulation type to be consistent with Termius on other platforms.
- Improved the spacing between the keys in the keyboard add-on.
- SOCKS4 proxy support has been deprecated. Please migrate to SOCKS5 if you are affected by this change.
- Fixed an issue in SFTP navigation when trying to open a restricted folder.
- Fixed an issue in SFTP that didn't allow selecting other drives on Windows.
- Fixed an issue when the app didn't remember the side panel state on the iPad in some rare cases.
- Other stability improvements.
7.3.1
12/21/2025
- Session logs improved. In addition to the recent session logs, you can now bookmark selected logs to save them for long-term reference and even add comments to describe what the sessions were about.
- Changed files preview style in SFTP to full screen.
- Fixed an issue in the key export flow when the public key is empty.
- Fixed an issue with auto correction when editing a snippet (e.g., converting a double hyphen to an em dash).
- Fixed an issue when the app didn't remember the side panel state on the iPad in some cases.
- Other stability improvements.
7.3.0
12/09/2025
- Introducing SSH.id — device-bound, biometric-protected SSH keys you can easily provision anywhere using your SSH.id handle
- Added host icons for Rocky, Alma, Alpine, and Amazon Linux
- Fixed a bug related to the Known Hosts duplication in case of short hostnames
- Other stability and performance improvements
7.2.0
11/23/2025
- Added support for CJK input in the terminal when using a hardware keyboard
- Stability improvements and fixes
7.1.0
11/09/2025
- Updated for Liquid Glass design;
- Stability fixes and improvements;
7.0.0
10/19/2025
Fixed a bug with dismissing of the connection input dialog when app goes to the background
6.3.4
10/13/2025
- Improved integration with CLI coding agent. Configure Gemini, Claude Code, OpenCode, etc. on your hosts, and an AI agent will start automatically when you connect.
- Added a new input field in the terminal. It supports speech-to-text, lets you speak to CLI coding agents, and makes prompt editing easier.
- Added new terminal themes: Flexoki Dark and Flexoki Light.
- Updated SSH connection to use SHA256 fingerprints instead of MD5.
- Removed the PIN code timeout setting. The PIN code screen now appears every time you open the app.
6.3.3
10/08/2025
- Fixed a bug with starting Port Forwarding rules with host chains
- Fixed a bug with file preview cache in SFTP
- Other stability improvements
6.3.2
10/01/2025
- Added an ability to bind Shift+Tab to a volume button
- Moved AI Widget settings to the app Settings
- Improved SSH stability with PQC key exchange algorithms
- Fixed a bug when the side panel state on the iPad was not saved between sessions
- Dropped support for iOS 16
- Other stability fixes and improvements
6.3.1
09/07/2025
- New AI widget:
• Moved the AI widget above the keyboard, allowing multiple commands to run without switching.
• Added a history of generated commands
• Added a snippet package with generated commands
• Added support for providing AI context by selecting lines in the terminal output
- Added Shift+Tab to the additional keyboard in Terminal, enabling actions for Claude Code and other AI tools
- Added support for the mlkem768x25519-sha256 key exchange (KEX) method. This support is limited to - - OpenSSH 9.9 and later when the server is configured to use only that KEX method
- Fixed a bug when a saved key passphrase was not applied when starting a port forwarding rule
- Fixed keyboard language switching in the Label field on the Host form
- Fixed missing icon for Windows hosts
6.3.0
08/26/2025
- Fixed credentials inheritance in groups and hosts
- Fixed removal of Personal Session Logs if logs are disabled
- Stability fixes and improvements
6.2.1
08/12/2025
- Added Logs feature. Terminal session logs are now automatically collected for every host. They sync across your devices and are shared with your team. You can view your logs on Desktop.
- Stability fixes and improvements
6.2.0
07/20/2025
Stability fixes and improvements
6.1.8
06/03/2025
Stability fixes and improvements.
6.1.7
05/20/2025
Fixed issue with Sign Up using Google or Apple
6.1.6
05/13/2025
- Added support for pasting images and files in the terminal in MOSH sessions. Paste, drag and drop, use the paperclip button, or use the system share dialog to quickly upload a file to the host.
- Other stability improvements.
more
Version 7.8.0
2d ago
App Privacy
App Privacy
The developer,
Termius Corporation
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. This information has not been verified by Apple. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
To help you better understand the developer’s responses, see
Privacy Definitions and Examples
.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Data Linked to You
The following data, which may be collected and linked to your identity, may be used for the following purposes:
Analytics
Usage Data
Product Interaction
App Functionality
Usage Data
Product Interaction
Diagnostics
Crash Data
The developer,
Termius Corporation
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Linked to You
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Accessibility
The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports.
Learn More
Information
Seller
Termius Corporation
Size
236.5 MB
Category
Developer Tools
Compatibility
Requires iOS 17.0 or later.
iPhone
Requires iOS 17.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 17.0 or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease device battery life.
Languages
English
Age Rating
4+
4+
Learn More
In-App Purchases
Yes
Termius Pro Monthly
$15.00
Termius Pro Annual
$119.00
Termius Pro Monthly
$15.00
Termius Pro Annual
$119.00
Learn More
Copyright
© Termius Corporation
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
You Might Also Like
View
xTerminal - SSH Terminal Shell
SSH Client, Shell Console Term
View
a-Shell
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
View
Terminal#
SSH client
View
WebSSH - Sysadmin Toolbox
SSH &amp; SFTP client since 2012!
View
Pyto IDE
Python, C/C++
View
Runestone Text Editor
Edit plain text and code
View
Web Inspector
Developer Console for Safari
View
Textastic Code Editor
Text, Coding, SFTP Client, SSH
View
Python Editor App
Create and Run your Python 3
View
Kodex
A powerful code editor
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)
Select a country or region
Africa, Middle East, and India
See All
Algeria
Angola
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Cameroun
Cape Verde
Chad
Côte d’Ivoire
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Egypt
Eswatini
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea-Bissau
India
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger (English)
Nigeria
Oman
Qatar
Congo, Republic of
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uganda
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Asia Pacific
See All
Afghanistan
Australia
Bhutan
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
中国大陆
Fiji
香港
Indonesia (English)
日本
Kazakhstan
대한민국
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
澳門
Malaysia (English)
Maldives
Micronesia, Federated States of
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Zealand
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Singapore
Solomon Islands
台灣
Thailand
Tonga
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Europe
See All
Albania
Armenia
Österreich
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France (Français)
Georgia
Deutschland
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italia
Kosovo
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg (English)
Malta
Moldova, Republic Of
Montenegro
Nederland
North Macedonia
Norway
Poland
Portugal (Português)
Romania
Россия
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
España
Sverige
Schweiz
Türkiye (English)
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Latin America and the Caribbean
See All
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina (Español)
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia (Español)
Brasil
Virgin Islands, British
Cayman Islands
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Costa Rica (Español)
Dominica
República Dominicana
Ecuador (Español)
El Salvador (Español)
Grenada
Guatemala (Español)
Guyana
Honduras (Español)
Jamaica
México
Montserrat
Nicaragua (Español)
Panamá
Paraguay (Español)
Perú
St. Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
St. Vincent and The Grenadines
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos
Uruguay (English)
Venezuela (Español)
The United States and Canada
See All
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
United States
Estados Unidos (Español México)
الولايات المتحدة
США
美国 (简体中文)
États-Unis (Français France)
미국
Estados Unidos (Português Brasil)
Hoa Kỳ
美國 (繁體中文台灣)
Copyright © 2026
Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.
Internet Service Terms
App Store &amp; Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support
