Working Copy, Git on iOS
Working Copy
the powerful Git client for
iOS
that clones, edits, commits,
pushes &amp;
more
.
Sign-Up
Working Copy for Mac is getting ready for release.
Sign up for the launch email.
Interested in beta version
Cancel
Sign Up
Working Copy
clones a Git repository which can then be edited
with Textastic, previewed and committed. Next the Files app is used to open a Playground from Git.
Git Shortcuts
Use
Shortcuts
and
x-callback-url
for automation.
GPT Assistance
Code
Agent
&amp;
commit suggestions
.
Respects your data with opt-in.
iOS 16 capable
Title menus and fully resizable windows in Stage Manager.
-->
Search repositories
Navigate by
querying
filenames, symbols or text occurrences.
Hosting Services
Lists
your repositories on GitHub &amp;
many
other services.
Signed Commits
Take part in secure workflows by
signing
commits.
Resolve Tool
Fix merge &amp; rebase
conflicts
with speed and safety.
Signed Commits
Take part in secure workflows by
GPG signing
commits.
-->
Large File Storage
Use Git LFS to efficiently handle videos and other
huge assets.
Web IDE
HTML
Preview
with Javascript console.
Work Offline
Clone
repositories making them fully
available even when offline.
Become a tester
Working Copy is in rapid development.
Get
the beta.
Submit
Your email address is used to send you a invitation through Apple TestFlight and
will not be used for anything else.
-->
Read the
users’ guide
or the
newsletter
and get in touch
on
Mastodon
or by
email
.
afriendlypotato:
Great value
I just bought pro for the second time to pick up a few extra features. The last time I paid for Working Copy was in 2019, and it’s been continually updated and maintained that whole time.
This guy is the real deal: you buy the app and use it for as long as you want, and if he makes more features you like you can buy pro again to get them. It’s a sustainable business model that doesn’t make me worry if I’m using it enough to justify a subscription.
As for the app itself, having functional git on my phone is just great. If there’s an emergency or I need to dip into a project to fix something, I know I can get it done because it’s not just a cut-down mobile experience.
Lygre421:
Amazing mobile git client
I’ve used this app for years with its Pro features unlocked near the beginning.
Eventually some pro features are not unlocked with my original purchase,
but all of the important ones are which I greatly appreciate. Just want to mention
again how useful I find this app.
Federico Viticci:
Working on the iPad
For the past two months, we've been using GitHub and Working Copy to
share, edit, and commit changes to Markdown files; combined with Split View and document providers on iOS,
this setup fits my workflow quite nicely.
pixelthing:
In a class of one
Probably not just the best all-round git client on iOS, but the best part of your
development toolchain of any type on iOS.
Jason Tate:
Incredible
Truly one of my must have apps. The first time you use it and see what you can do on iOS now is a jaw dropping moment.
Tohuw:
An Astoundingly Good Git Client
This app is an excellent Git client, and I don't mean just excellent for iOS.
It's interface is relatively intuitive,
my only minor complaint being that it took me a few moments to figure out that tapping the remote
name is where to go to fetch and such. I'm sure the help covers that, but I like to see if an app
can successfully be navigated by intuition alone – the classic Apple test. Committing and pushing works
flawlessly, gracefully handling conflicts and merges.
It's a joy to use. I'd buy an OS X version if one existed;
this is a Git UI as it should be. It's remarkable that I can fully work with files, send them to other
iOS apps to work on there, then send them back to Working Copy seamlessly, even if I'm working on
multiple versions of the same file.
In an era of barely-tested, poorly thought-out apps,
this is a stellar exception of a well-designed product with distinct marks of a great QA process. Well done!
Anthony Colangelo:
Mission-critical software on iOS
Absolutely incredibly well-built app that I can’t live without.
For everything from writing, to coding, to deploying changes via a remote repo,
Working Copy is a must-have app.
ThinGrip:
Excellent!
This app is excellent, and the support from the developer is superb!
Plavaacek:
Best Git client!
I use it daily to review new code in GitHub Enterprise repositories.
The best feature for me is that I can use it offline without a need to be connected to the VPN.
Viewing of files is easier than on GitHub thanks to better syntax highlighting.
snhubba:
THANK YOU
Just thank you. I used to see my iOS devices as incapable of anything other than "emergency" edits (usually directly on a server).
Not anymore. I can make large contributions to projects, write new features, and with the right complimentary setup,
get near realtime feedback on my code through a test server after making a commit. So cool.
Papiex:
Fantastyczna
Robi robotę
Jonathan.Muth:
It's Git in your pocket.
Working Copy makes keeping track of your Git repositories a breeze.
The app is so well designed that I prefer it over the GitHub's web-interface when familiarizing myself with a new code-base.
And let me tell you: It works extremely well in bed as well.
Alas: Working Copy now contains my evening lecture in addition to all the source code I would not want to go missing.
An all around great app.
z4ndr3i:
Manage Git and GitHub Repos
For those of us who don't work exclusively with GitHub this is just awesome.
feoh:
I have been dreaming of this app for years!
I have been yearning for a way to commit and push to Github for years.
The app id's solid and lets me use whatever editor I want to create my content.
My mobile development and blogging dreams have come true!
uxjulia:
Finally!
This app is EXACTLY what I've been looking for. I can easily connect to my bitbucket account,
clone repos, commit and push changes right from my phone using third party apps that are already a part of my workflow.
I use this with Textastic and Ulysses to post to and tweak my Jekyll blog from my iPhone and iPad, wherever I may be.
Lift the Camel:
Great Git App!
This app is perfect for accessing your Git repositories on the go! It allows me to add my iPhone and iPad into my daily workflow.
ci0:
Perfect
If Apple were to write a git client, it would look like this. Well done.
meclizine50mg:
iOS Great job, and Thank you
Working Copy + Bitbucket repository cloning + Textastic! This significantly improves my coding
lifestyle: I can relax with my iPad anywhere and even work on non-interface parts of iOS projects
without screwing up version management by relying on DropBox or iCloud filesaving. So far everything is working smoothly,
probably because the developer is an active user of this app himself.
llllllooollllll:
Einfach GENIAL!!!
Bin wirklich sehr begeistert, als Programmierer kann ich geleistetes Arbeit nur loben, weiter so.
Privacy
Refunds
Terms of Use
