Working Copy Users’ guide
Working Copy
Users’ guide
1. Introduction:
1.1 Cloning repositories
1.2 Accessing files
1.3 Committing changes
1.4 Staying up-to-date
1.5 Repository actions
1.6 Deleting repositories
2. Remotes:
2.1 Clone catalog
2.2 SSH keys
2.3 SSH Troubleshooting
2.4 AWS CodeCommit
2.5 Hosting Providers
2.6 Access Tokens
3. Viewing and editing:
3.1 Text Editing
3.2 Preview
3.3 Search and navigation
3.4 File changes
3.5 Repository Agent
4. Commits and Branches:
4.1 Commit history
4.2 Branches
4.3 Commit Amend
4.4 Branch Editing
4.5 Commit Graph
4.6 Resolving conflicts
5. Advanced Git Features:
5.1 Pull Requests
5.2 Signed Commits
5.3 Tagging
5.4 Stashing changes
5.5 Submodules
6. Extending iOS:
6.1 Drag and Drop
6.2 Saving to Working Copy
6.3 Edit in App
6.4 External repositories
6.5 Files synchronisation
6.6 WebDAV access
6.7 Shortcuts and automation
6.8 DraftCode
7. Beyond iOS:
7.1 Log files
7.2 SSH Upload
7.3 SSH Command
8. Help and Support
8.1 File Backup
8.2 How to purchase
8.3 Restoring purchases
1. Introduction
Working Copy
is a full featured Git client for iOS and since Git is a powerful version-control
system it can take some time to master. The same is true for Working Copy, and even though you will not need to
work with the command-line, some understanding of Git is needed.
If you are not confident with Git's core concepts you should read the first few chapters of
Pro Git
by Scott Chacon or the
excellent
tutorials
Atlassian has made available.
1.1 Cloning repositories
The first step is to get hold of a local copy of the Git repositories you want to access.
Duplicating a repository from a remote server is known as cloning.
There are two ways to get repositories into Working Copy:
Clone from a remote:
Press + on the list of repositories and provide a URL pointing to your repository.
Working Copy supports https, ssh, git, and http protocols. HTTPS and SSH are recommended for secure transfer of your code and credentials.
There is special support for GitHub, BitBucket, GitLab and
other
hosting providers
to list your available repositories,
making cloning as simple as picking a repository and tapping clone.
Even when Working Copy has no specific support for a hosting provider, you can copy-paste your
URL into the top field and Working Copy will clone just as well.
Import via Files app:
Copy directories into the Files app
Working Copy
location.
If the directory does not contain a .git subdirectory at top-level, Working Copy assumes you want a new repository with
all these files added.
Security note:
Avoid using unencrypted http transfer, as your login credentials and source
code can be intercepted. Use https or ssh instead, especially on untrusted networks.
1.2 Accessing files
Data in Working Copy is organized as repositories, containing directories, which themselves contain
either sub-directories or files.
Tapping a file shows the file content, the changes to the file and the status of the file.
File content is shown with syntax highlighting for sourcecode and a preview of html and document files.
To edit you will need to switch away from Preview mode with the button at the top showing your current mode.
Tap the action-button in the upper-right corner to send the file to other applications such as Mail
through a share sheet.
The editing inside Working Copy is bare-bones and neutral in that
neither programming languages, markdown nor regular text
files get special treatment. If you are performing heavy editing consider using a
specialized text-editor app for programming, markdown or other purposes.
You can read
more
about using Working Copy in combination
with other applications.
To copy files tap and hold to show a context menu, pick
Copy
, then navigate to the destination directory
and press
+
in the upper right corner to insert
File from clipboard
.
Move files and directories by
dragging
them around directory listings.
1.3 Committing changes
When you have file modifications the Changes tab lights up. You can see what has been added in green and what has
been deleted in red. If you are satisfied with the changes you can commit
them to the repository with a button on the Status tab.
A faster way, however, is to swipe left on the file in the directory listing.
Swiping left can generally be performed on lists of files,
directories and repositories allowing convenient access to frequent actions.
You can commit a single file, multiple files or the entire repository at once, and it is considered good practice to make a
commit represent one conceptual change to your repository. Following this practice also makes it easier to come up with concise
yet descriptive commit messages.
Word suggestions are shown above the keyboard when
writing your commit message. Suggestions are based on the filenames and changes
you are about to commit, as well as previous commit messages in the same repository.
This is combined with frequently used sentences in commit messages in public
repositories. No information from your commits or repository is collected to make
this happen.
The small button at the left of the commit message field shows a list
of previous messages and includes the ability to suggest messages using
artificial intelligence. These AI suggestions require sending staged
differences to OpenAI and should not be used on sensitive repositories.
AI suggestions are available to users that purchased or upgraded their
pro unlock
after March 2022.
The list of files include everything that can be committed. You tap files to stage or unstage for commit
and the rightmost button shows the difference for this particular file between working directory and
last commit. When looking at differences you can stage/unstage individual hunks by
long-tapping and swiping making it possible to commit some changes in a file but leave others uncommitted.
When you have made one or more commits your on-device repository is seen as being ahead of the remote repository
and you
Push
these commits to the remote. Because
Commit
and
Push
are distinct
actions you can
Commit
while offline and
Push
once you get back online.
To
Push
after
Commit
tap and hold a repository and
Push
from the context menu.
You need to
unlock
the ability to
Push
with an in-app purchase.
1.4 Staying up-to-date
Commits can be pushed to the remote from many sources.
Other people contribute their work, or you could be doing something
on a regular computer or another iOS device which results in commits that end up on the remote.
You get commits back into Working Copy through a two-step process where you
Fetch
and
Merge
.
Fetch
reads commits from the
server and requires a network connection. The commits will not be integrated with the local data on your device until
you
Merge
, which will combine the new commits from the server with your local data.
You can pull the list of repositories down to
Fetch
for all your repositories. If any of your
repositories received new commits you will be able to
Merge
all these repositories with a
single tap.
Sometimes data cannot be automatically combined because your local changes conflict with the changes from the
commits fetched. These conflicts can be resolved by manually editing files and picking the wanted parts
from the conflict markers and tapping the Resolve button. A faster solution is to use the
Resolve
tool that lets you resolve conflicts for many files at once.
Performing a
Fetch
followed by a
Merge
is called
Pull
.
Auto-Sync
does all of this for you, committing, pulling and pushing
whenever changes are detected. Enable it from the button above
Remotes
on the
repository status screen, where a log of what Auto-Sync has done is also available. The commit
message is one you write or is
suggested by AI
, and merge
conflicts pause syncing until you resolve them inside Working Copy. Auto-Sync requires a remote
and is a
pro feature
.
Turn on
Background Sync
to keep syncing while you use other apps, which uses your
location and extra battery and pauses after long periods without changes.
Sync Now
and
the
Sync Repository
shortcut perform a single commit, pull and
push on demand.
You can configure repositories to
Rebase
instead of
Merge
commits
from the Configuration page inside Repository status.
This is a pro configuration available to users that purchased or upgraded their
pro unlock
on October 17, 2018 or later.
1.5 Repository actions
To make it easier to perform important actions
a floating fingerprint button is available in the lower right corner on iPhone.
This button opens a repository status sheet that lists modified files and has
easy access to
Commit
,
Revert
,
Fetch
,
Merge
,
Pull
&amp;
Push
.
On iPads with sufficient screen space these repository actions are available at the
top of the screen without the need to open any sheet. It gets easier to remember what
each button does when you realise the icons are used on the status sheet and in context menus
as well.
On iPad the fingerprint button can be dragged into a new window to show the repository status sheet
and since this displays modified files and updates as files change,
it can be very useful while using external editors such as Textastic.
You can tap and hold this floating button to change the location on screen.
1.6 Deleting repositories
Once you are done with a repository you can delete it from the
repository context menu or status screen. This has no influence on remote repositories.
2. Remotes
Git remotes are server-side duplicates of your repositories with full history.
These can be services such as GitHub, BitBucket etc. or they can be privately hosted servers.
When you clone a repository, the URL of the remote repository is your starting point. Working Copy supports ssh, https and
http remotes and the URL consists of protocol scheme, the hostname, username and the path to the repository on the host.
The following are typical examples of remote URLs:
https://user@git.company.se/home/user/site.git
ssh://andrew@company.se/home/andrew/git/site.git/
andrew@company.se/home/andrew/git/site.git/
The last two URLs are equivalent since ssh is the default protocol.
Authentication will always try with a username included on the form
username@
otherwise remembering the last username for that host.
The username
git
has special meaning for many hosts such that the actual user
account is derived from the SSH key used to authenticate.
If you enter the Repository page you can add or delete remotes. After cloning there is only a single “origin”
remote and, in many scenarios, there is no need for additional remotes.
2.1 Clone catalog
When cloning repositories from BitBucket and GitHub you can enter your credentials to get a list of repositories to clone.
Working Copy tries to show the most relevant repositories at the top, these being the ones where you have administrative
or push privileges. Your GitHub Gists and BitBucket Snippets are also available from this list.
If the list is long, enter keywords in the search field in order to only see repositories containing these.
If you do not see the repository you wish to clone, you can still copy-paste the clone URL into the top-field manually.
Organizations on GitHub can be configured to
restrict
third-party applications such that repositories are not listed and you might need to
ask
your administrator
to approve Working Copy.
Use
manually
configured SSH keys as
a work-around while waiting for approval.
You configure additional
hosting providers
from Working Copy settings
or you can clone using a URL from the clipboard.
2.2 SSH keys
SSH transfers support password authentication but also public/private key authentication for
improved security. The public part of a SSH key corresponds to a padlock that you use to
lock-down resources. The private part of the SSH key corresponds to the physical key that
opens the padlock. Your private key must be kept secret and the public key can be
distributed to servers where you want to store remote repositories.
If you tap “Connect with BitBucket” or “Connect with GitHub” your public key will automatically
be registered with BitBucket or GitHub. For other Git hosting providers such as
OpenShift
or
AWS CodeCommit
you need to
enter your public key in  the settings page for that service. The details will depend upon
the service in question, but your first step is to Export the public key.
When using a Linux server, you need to append the public key to the
$HOME/.ssh/authorized_keys
file.
Working Copy generates 4096 bit RSA keys and imports RSA, ECDSA or Ed25519 private keys in
PEM or OpenSSH format.
For extra security SSH keys can reside on the
Secure Enclave
protected by Face ID or Touch ID.
This is a pro feature available to users that purchased or upgraded their
pro unlock
on December 15, 2024 or later.
2.3 SSH Troubleshooting
If you are having problems authenticating with an SSH server check that the public key installed on the server
matches the private key in Working Copy. If you have some other SSH client on your device or computer, you should make sure
you can connect from these without problems. If this works, you must also make sure you use the same SSH key in Working Copy,
possibly importing the private key from the other application.
When exporting the public key you end up with something on the form:
ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1…g+y4Pfz9 WorkingCopy@iPadPro-31092017
Everything after the second space is just a comment, that makes it easier to
determine where and how the key was created. It can sometimes help to remove this comment,
before registering the key with your Git server.
SSH keys registered on your GitHub account by Working Copy will not grant access to repositories owned by
organisations
restricting 3rd party apps
. They are unrestricted
when manually added to GitHub.com
settings
.
2.4 AWS CodeCommit
To use Working Copy with
AWS CodeCommit
you need to create an IAM user with the
IAMUserSSHKeys
Policy. You also need to add some Policy allowing
repository access and
AWSCodeCommitPowerUser
is a good choice, unless you only need to
clone and fetch code in which case
AWSCodeCommitReadOnly
is preferable.
You must also export your SSH Key from Working Copy and
Upload SSH Public Key
. This is done
in the
Security Credentials
tab of your
IAM User
.
When your SSH Key has been uploaded it
will be listed with a
SSH Key Id
that will be needed for the next step.
Your repositories are listed in the
CodeCommit Dashboard
.
When looking at individual repositories
you can request the Clone URL in the SSH format, which can be used inside Working Copy, but you need to
use the
SSH Key Id
as your username. Your URL should end up looking something like:
ssh://APKAJMDDPOLPSL7OAYOA@git-codecommit.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/v1/repos/test
2.5 Hosting Providers
To make it easier to
list
your repositories, to create new remote repositories
and to configure your
SSH keys
you can configure hosting providers.
Working Copy supports private instances of
GitHub
Enterprise
,
GitLab
and
Gitea
.
You enter the hostname of your server and the instance type is identified automatically trying a
combination of schemes and ports. If your hosting provider isn't recognised or auto-detection is
taking too long it can help to enter a full URL including scheme and port.
You can configure cloud instances of the above hosting providers or
configure a regular Linux server, BSD server &amp;
Synology NAS
to act as a hosting provider, using SSH
commands
for
listing repositories.
If you have several user accounts for a hosting provider you can bake the user
into the server field as
https://username@github.com
to get a hosting provider
for each user.
When you add hosting providers it is often a good idea to disable the built-in providers you are
not using to avoid clutter in other parts of Working Copy. This is especially important when
you configure providers with a baked-in username as the default providers for the same service
will switch between user accounts.
2.6 Access Tokens
If your hosting provider does not allow authentication with a regular password,
access tokens can often be used instead. Note that some hosting providers
require you to disable
OAuth Authentication
in Working Copy settings
to use access tokens.
For GitHub, visit the website and navigate to
Settings > Developer Settings > Personal access tokens > Tokens (classic)
,
then tap
Generate new token
. This token should be granted
repo
,
read:org
,
admin:public_key
,
gist
, and
admin:gpg_key
scopes
to support all Working Copy features, though
repo
is the most important one.
On GitLab, go to
User Settings > Access Tokens
to create new tokens,
where the
api
scope is required.
You typically use the access token instead of a password, and it will be remembered
until you sign out of the service. The exception is
Gitea
, where the access token replaces
the username and the password field is left blank.
SSH Providers
When Working Copy lists your repositories on a regular SSH server, it uses the built-in shell
on the server to execute commands. When you create a new repository a series of commands are also executed.
For this to work
git
,
/bin/sh
,
find
and
mkdir
need to be available
and have sensible behaviour.
If these commands are not available you will get error messages and the server will not work as
a hosting provider. The series of commands have been tested on major Linux and BSD variants to
work as expected when commands are available and to fail with no side-effects when commands are
unavailable.
In the rare case where the above mentioned commands are available but do something different,
there is the possibility that the hosting provider commands will have unintended
consequences and could cause data loss. When enabling a SSH Server
as a hosting provider, Working Copy will execute commands on your behalf, and this is done entirely
at your own risk.
The scripts are listed for you to evaluate.
git --version &amp;&amp; echo &amp;&amp; find "$path" -type d \( -exec sh -c 'cd "{}"; var=`git 2> /dev/null rev-parse --is-bare-repository`; if [ "$var" = "true" ]; then exit 0; else exit 1; fi' - \; -print -prune \)
The script listing repositories starts by making sure
git
is installed, to avoid doing any work on a server
that is unable to function as a remote. It then looks at all directories from the starting
path
of your hosting provider and outputs the ones that are
bare
repositories. Notice that non-bare repositories
will not be included.
git --version &amp;&amp; cd "$path" &amp;&amp; mkdir "$repo" &amp;&amp; cd "$repo" &amp;&amp; ( var=`git 2> /dev/null rev-parse --is-inside-git-dir`; if [ "$var" = "true" ]; then echo "Unable to create repository inside existing repository"; exit 1; fi ) &amp;&amp; ( var=`git 2> /dev/null rev-parse --is-inside-work-tree`; if [ "$var" = "true" ]; then echo "Unable to create repository inside existing repository"; exit 1; fi ) &amp;&amp; git init --bare
When creating repositories we also make sure
git
is installed. All the commands need to
complete without error for the next one to start. If you try to create a
repo
where a directory already
exists,
mkdir
fails and
git init
never runs.
Some servers are configured to
restrict
secure shell to only run Git. You can enable listing repositories and creating repositories from the app
by creating the directory
~/git-shell-commands
and placing the scripts
working-copy-list
and
working-copy-create
inside.
3. Viewing and editing
A repository is presented as a hierarchy of directories and files where you tap a directory to enter and
view the contents.
You can swipe right on entries or press and hold to access commonly used actions such as
Commit
,
Revert
and invoke the share sheet which allows exporting single files, directories or the entire
repository.
Open recently accessed documents
from the bookmark button in the upper right corner above repository or
file listings.
If you tap a file and pick the Content tab you can view the file in different modes.
This is controlled by the button in the top bar indicating the current mode. The top choices
are the recommended mode for this file and depends on both filename and file content.
When you pick a mode for a given file, Working Copy remembers this choice for other files
with the same file extension.
3.1&nbsp;Text Editing
Text files can be viewed as plain text or with syntax highlighting for
one of the
supported languages
.
Apache, Bash, C#, C/C++, CSS, Clojure, CoffeeScript,
Dart, Diff, Erlang, F#, Go, HTML, HTTP Headers,
Haskell, Ini, JSON, Java, JavaScript, Lua, Makefile, Markdown, Nginx, Objective-C, PHP, Perl, Python, R, Ruby, SML,
SQL, SVG, Scala, Swift, VIM, XML, YAML and ΤeΧ.
Font size is adjusted in the popup switching between modes and is remembered
individually for different modes.
You can pick between a number of included fonts or import new OpenType or TrueType fonts
as a pro feature.
Looking at source code you can tap anywhere to start editing.
Done
in the upper right corner
stops editing. You undo latest changes with the undo-button above the keyboard on iPad or by shaking
your iPhone. If you want to undo all your changes, switch to the Status tab where you can revert the
file to how it was at last commit.
Any text selection can be transformed with action extensions, which will let you do things such as URL encode text
from within the editor.
Shortcuts
is the prime example of such an application.
When your selection matches a valid
CSS color
you can adjust this. Placing the caret where a color is expected the popup
menu also lets you use a color picker.
Use
.editorconfig
files to control encoding, newline style
and indentation in a manner supported by a wide range of editors and IDEs.
3.2&nbsp;Preview
You enable and configure
Preview
mode with the button in the upper-right corner, available
for HTML, JavaScript, Markdown, AsciiDoc, org-mode, Jupyter notebooks, property lists, OPML and
delimited text such as CSV. Double-tap that button to switch quickly between editing and previewing.
Images and PDF files are shown directly without a separate preview mode.
When previewing HTML, relative links to images, scripts and stylesheets resolve to files inside the
repository and work without an Internet connection, while external assets need to be online; if
offline preview matters, consider bundling JavaScript frameworks in the repository. The preview
reloads automatically when the file or any local asset it depends on changes, restoring scroll and
zoom, and you can edit files from other apps while previewing through the
Files app
or
WebDAV
access.
Enable the JavaScript Console to check for errors, warnings and log statements: errors in repository
scripts can be tapped to jump to the line, and you can evaluate JavaScript in the context of the
page, stepping through history with the ↑↓ keys when an external keyboard is attached.
You can also preview from other devices or computers by enabling
External URL
. Long-tap the URL to copy it or use Handoff to connect, and this preview keeps
working as you switch back to editing. On iPad you can put Safari side-by-side with Working Copy in
Split View to preview and edit simultaneously. External preview is a pro feature available to users
that
purchased
the unlock or upgraded their pro unlock on January 8,
2018 or later.
PDF files render natively so you can scroll, zoom and page through documents, and each PDF remembers
where you left off when you reopen it.
Tap
Annotate
to draw freehand with Apple Pencil or your finger, or select
text to highlight, underline, strike through or add a note. Annotations are saved into the PDF in the
standard format, so they stay visible in Preview, Acrobat and other apps and the document becomes a
normal change you can commit and push. Marking up PDFs is a
pro feature
.
3.3&nbsp;Search and navigation
Searching by name, text content or symbol declarations is often the fastest way to navigate
a large repository. Searching from the top of a directory listing covers that folder and its
sub-directories, while searching from a file's
Content
tab covers the whole repository
or just that file depending on the scope selection.
Search queries will be matched against filenames, symbols, line numbers and text content. For filenames
and symbols a fuzzy matching will be performed which means that the characters in query must occur in the given
order but characters can be skipped. The query
read.md
will fuzzy match both
read
me
.md
and
read
me
.m
ark
d
own
but the first one
will be ranked higher as it's closer to a non-fuzzy match.
When you type several search words they all have to match either a filename, symbol, line number or text.
The query
read.md 10
will be understood as
line 10 of the files where name fuzzy matches "read.md"
occurrences of the text "10" in files where name fuzzy matches "read.md"
files containing the text "read.md" and "10"
To make it easier to restrict queries, the words matching the filename must lead your query and search results
matching filenames or symbols will appear at the top of search results with lower ranking the more fuzzyness was
required to reach a match.
You can narrow results by excluding or restricting. Prefixing a word with a minus excludes it, so
crash -beta
drops files whose name or content contains
beta
(quote the word, as in
"-minus"
, to search for a leading minus instead). Path-only refinements that match the path or
extension rather than content are also available:
-Pods/
excludes a folder,
-*.json
a
file type and
*.json
keeps only that type. The easiest way is to long press a result and choose
Refine Search
to exclude its folder or file type, or require its file type; the token is added to
your query where you can edit or delete it.
Searching text content and symbols requires reading and parsing every file. The first search of a large
repository can take several minutes, with progress shown to the right of the search field; filename results
appear almost immediately while content and symbol results fill in as indexing proceeds. Repositories indexed
before only re-index files that changed.
While searching a small button is shown to the left of the search field
with quick access to recent queries and settings to toggle whether results include
symbols and file content or only filenames.
Editor search uses your current selection or the word at your cursor as the start of your search.
This is convenient to lookup a symbol declaration or the usages of
a function or class. Invoking search when looking at the
Content
tab of a non-text file the query will be your
current filename, showing usages of that particular file.
The prefilled query is selected such that it can be deleted with a single tap and when the query is
empty you are shown recent edit points for repository scope and symbol declarations for the file scope,
which is useful for quick back and forth navigation.
Regular expression
search is supported
for the file scope by wrapping your pattern in slashes such as
/[0-9]+/
to find all integers.
With a physical keyboard the arrow keys cycle through search history, so to reach a result refine your query
until it is on top and press ⌘⏎ to pick it. Holding ⌘⌃ and pressing left or right jumps between recent edit
points, whether or not you are searching.
3.4 File changes
A badge on the Changes tab shows the number of lines added or deleted from a file.
The Changes tab itself shows the differences
between the last version committed and the current version.
The two-panel split-view in the screenshot requires the screen to be wide and for phones to be
turned to landscape mode.
Image changes can be viewed in a split-mode where zooming one image will make the other one follow -
making it easy to focus on the details.
If you are unsure as to where the changes are in an image, use the Color mode that
highlights changed areas in green where identical areas are without color. Cut mode is useful for images with
global changes and allows you to drag and rotate a partitioning line in such a way that everything on one side is the old image.
The previous image will have a red border, and the new one a green border.
The Status tab says whether the file is modified and allows you to commit or revert changes.
3.5 Repository Agent
Repository Agent is an AI assistant that you interact with through conversation.
Ask it to browse files, search content, read and modify files, commit, pull and push.
Destructive operations like modifying files or pushing require your confirmation.
It works with external LLM services including OpenAI, Anthropic, Google and Ollama using your own API keys.
AI features are opt-in per repository to avoid leaking sensitive information.
Configure services and per-repository access in AI Settings.
Start Repository Agent from the Mode popup menu, the title menu on the
Status &amp; Configuration screen, or with ⇧⌘A.
Enable voice output to have responses read aloud.
Move the agent panel by dragging its top edge.
On iPad, tap and hold the top to switch between panel and its own window for a side-by-side workflow.
4. Commits and Branches
Commit changes at any level: the entire repository, a directory and its contents, or individual files.
Files you don't want to commit can be reverted to their last committed state.
The commit scope depends on where you initiate it in the directory structure.
For quick access, swipe left on any repository, directory, or file to commit.
During commit you are shown a list of changed files and can view differences for individual files by pressing the button
that shows the number of lines added or deleted. Files with a checkmark will be included in the commit and you toggle the
checkmark by tapping the file.
Working Copy will push the commit to the remote right away if you enable the
Push
button.
As a general rule you should make commits with a single purpose and only include the changed files that helped achieve this purpose.
You should write a message in the top line describing this purpose;
if it is hard to write something short but concrete you might
need to break your commit into smaller parts.
4.1 Commit history
Well-drafted commit messages reveal their value when viewing the log of previous commits.
You can view commit history for the entire repository, a directory and its files, or individual files.
Meaningful messages help you understand your code even after months or years away from a project.
Tap any commit to see the specific changes it made.
Swipe left on any commit in the repository's commit list to
Checkout
an old version.
This puts your repository in a "detached head" state where you cannot commit changes.
If you modify files and want to keep the changes, create a new branch.
To return to normal, check out the topmost commit to reattach the head.
For commits not yet pushed to a remote, swipe left to
Undo
them.
The commit's changes remain in your working directory as modified files, and the commit message is preserved.
This makes it easy to fix typos in commit messages or split large commits into smaller ones.
After undoing one commit, you can undo another, allowing you to squash multiple commits into one.
Profile images in commit logs come from
gravatar.com
,
based on the committer's email address.
4.2 Branches
A great advantage of Git compared to other version-control software is the ease at
which you can branch your
repository to work independently on different things.
Once you are confident with the work undertaken in a branch, it can be merged
back into one of your main branches.
The current branch (main in the screenshot) is shown in directory listings
between the Status cell and the
actual file listing. Switch to other branches with the button to the right of the branch name
tapping the bottom of the branch picker popup for a list of all branches.
Tapping a branch from the full list brings up a detail view
where you can checkout the branch (make it current), rename or delete it.
Swipe left on branches to
Checkout
,
Rename
or
Delete
without having to go to the detail screen. When a local branch is ahead of its
remote, you can
Push
as well.
You create new branches from the current one with the upper-rightmost button.
To put commits on a branch you can either
Merge
or
Rebase
. Atlassian has a
great
tutorial
describing the differences. In both situations you change your current branch to include commits from some
other branch.
Merge will create a merge-commit as needed, while rebase will rewrite commits from your
current branch on top of the commits from the other branch. Working Copy will not rebase if this
requires rewriting commits that have already been pushed to a server. You can override this behaviour
by configuring the branch for
History Rewriting
, but this in turn requires you to
Force Push
.
This also lets you
Undo
commits already pushed to a remote.
4.3 Commit Amend
To make changes to the latest commit enable
Amend
at the top of
the commit dialog.
Since this changes the latest commit you might need to Force Push to the
remote if this already contains the latest commit. If you enable both
Push
and
Amend
it will be checked whether the commit can be pushed cleanly. As a special
case Working Copy will allow Amend+Push if the latest commit is still at the head of the remote
branch.
Amend
is a pro feature available to users that purchased or upgraded their
pro unlock
on August 27, 2023 or later.
4.4 Branch Editing
You
Reset
the head of the current branch from the commit you want to
become HEAD. This is a soft reset that leaves the working directory as before the reset which can be
fixed with
Revert
as needed. If you navigate the commit list through a non-current local branch
you are able to
Reset
the head of this branch. In all cases you will be told what is about
to happen as you confirm the
Reset
.
Each commit represents changes made to files and it can be useful to apply these changes
differently to improve the commit history. Applying a single commit is called cherry picking
and applying the changes from a series of commits is called rebasing.
Command line Git is able to
rebase interactively
to change the order in which commits are applied, discard commits, edit commit messages and more.
You can get equivalent results in Working Copy from the commit list of individual branches.
Long tapping commits you can
Delete Commit
to rewrite the branch without the work
contributed by this single commit,
Edit Message
to change a commit
message while still applying the same changes from the commit or
Squash
a commit
with its child.
Drag one or several consecutive commits to change the order in which changes are
applied. When commits are rewritten in different order it might cause conflicts that
you will be asked to resolve.
Rewriting history can cause problems for others working on the same branch and when commits
are already pushed to the remote you will be asked to enable
history rewriting
.
Undo
history rewriting by shaking your iPhone,
using three-finger left swipe or pressing
⌘Z
on external keyboards.
Branch Editing is a
Pro feature
.
4.5 Commit Graph
To explore repository changes across branches use the Commit Graph available from the Repository screen.
Commits are presented in chronological order with lines showing which commits are based on each other,
with tags and branch heads displayed as well as the commit message summary, date and information about the
author of the commit.
Pinch to zoom will let you explore additional details, such as the full commit message, the full name of the author
rather than initials, a commit identifier and the files modified by this commit. If you connect an external
screen or projector to your device, you will get a full-screen Commit Graph without any interface elements
obscuring the view. This makes for a convenient tool when your team needs to discuss the project.
Tap and hold or double-tap elements of a commit for additional actions, where
the commit message itself takes you to a detail view.
You can copy the author email to the clipboard or start composing a email to the author.
It is also possible to view the commit date in your calendar to see what else happened around this time and
when
Fantastical
is installed,
it will be used instead of the built-in Calendar app.
4.6 Resolving conflicts
Working Copy has a built-in Resolve tool that can be used to fix conflicts for the entire repository,
a subdirectory or single files, depending on where in the directory hierarchy the tool is invoked.
Swipe left on cells for repository, directories or files to get started.
Text files are shown as chunks of text, where everything both files agree on start out in the center,
and everything from
our
version is to the left and
their
version to the right.
You swipe these chunks towards the center to include them and away to exclude them. This way your final
file will be lined up at the center. Chunks at the border are pending your decision.
If you want to use all chunks from one version of a file and discard the other version of the file entirely,
you can tap one of the branch names
at the header of the file. These are
HEAD
and
other
in the screenshot.
There is no way to combine conflicted images and other binary files.
You need to pick one or the other by tapping the one you want.
The selected version is marked by a thick border.
When all chunks have been either accepted or rejected and no binary files are awaiting your choice,
tap
Resolve
to verify your choice and mark files as resolved. Next commit
will conclude the merge. If there are chunks or files pending your decision, the
Resolve
button will scroll to indicate this.
You can also resolve conflicts by manually editing files. The Content tab for a conflicted file
has a
Resolve
button for marking the file as resolved, when you have picked the content
you want and removed conflict markers.
5. Advanced Git Features
Beyond the core version control operations, Git offers specialized features
for collaboration, verification, and managing complex workflows. Working Copy
provides access to these advanced capabilities, helping you coordinate with teams,
mark releases, secure your commits, and handle repository dependencies.
5.1 Pull Requests
Where
Merge
and
Rebase
incorporates changes from other branches into your current
branch, a Pull Request or
PR
works in the opposite direction asking others to incorporate
changes from your current branch into some base branch. Working Copy supports creating these for
BitBucket
,
GitHub
and
GitLab
.
You tap
PR
from the full list of branches and pick the remote branch that should be the base of
the Pull Request. It is the base branch that receives new commits from your current branch.
In order to open Pull
Requests between different repositories you need to have a remote configured corresponding to the
repository with the base branch. When cloning from GitHub and GitLab the app tries to
configure a
upstream
remote when the cloned repository is a fork.
Do a single
Fetch
after enabling the upstream remote to include
this repository in your branch list.
Creating a Pull Request is the first step in a workflow that might involve code review, discussions or
automated verification and ends up with the pull request being accepted or closed days or weeks later.
Manage the communication aspects of Pull Requests in your browser or with apps such as
GitHub for Mobile
and handle the code in Working Copy.
Continue work on existing pull requests by invoking the share sheet on a link and picking
Process in Working Copy
.
Working Copy makes sure the repository is cloned, relevant remotes are configured and the branch is checked out.
Long tap the repository to jump back to the Pull Request page on the hosting provider website.
Pull Request creation is a
Pro feature
.
5.2 Signed Commits
Git supports
signing commits
to make it possible for others to verify that commits have been made by you. When signing you need
a
GPG
or SSH private key that must be kept secret and when
verifying commits the corresponding public key is needed.
You attach a private key to your Identity which can be imported or generated inside the app.
If the key is generated inside Working Copy you can attach
it to your GitHub account with a single tap or you can export the public or private parts of
the key to do manual configuration.
SSH commit signing is a pro feature available to users that purchased or upgraded their
pro unlock
on January 19, 2022 or later. PGP signing
is a free feature.
Your private key needs a passphrase. You can configure
Working Copy to
Ask
every time the passphrase is needed, to store the passphrase in the keychain
requiring you to authenticate with
Touch ID
before it is read or to just
Remember
the passphrase in the keychain.
Signing commits makes it possible to verify that the commit is made by someone with access to
the private key. This information is only useful when other people can trust the private key is yours
and they need a PGP or SSH public key for this. GitHub makes this easy by letting you
associate
a public key with your
user account
,
but commit verification is possible in other environments
by
importing public keys
into the GPG keyring.
5.3 Tagging
Git has the ability to create a
tag
in a
repository to reference a specific point in history. This is typically used to mark a release or
other milestone on a project.
View the list of tags from the Repository status screen creating new tags by tapping
+
in the upper right corner.
Create non-HEAD tags by navigating to a specific commit and tapping
Tag
along the top.
To create a lightweight tag you enter a name and leave the message empty. Enter a message
for a full annotated tag that includes author information, date and the message entered.
Creating annotated tags is generally considered best practice.
Created tags are transmitted to the remote on next
Push
.
5.4 Stashing changes
Sometimes your repository has modified files that aren't
ready for commit but prevent you from doing other work.
Stashing makes your repository clean
until you bring the changes back by unstashing.
You
Stash
and
Unstash
from the context menu
of repositories.
Stashing is a
pro feature
available to users that purchased
the unlock or upgraded their
pro unlock on December 9, 2019 or later.
5.5 Submodules
Git submodules
allow you to
include other Git repositories within your repository, keeping their
histories separate. When you clone a repository containing submodules,
Working Copy will notify you about their presence and let you tap to
clone them immediately. You can also swipe left on an uncloned
submodule to
Clone
it, or view the list of submodules
from the Repository status screen. Adding and removing submodules
requires the
pro unlock
, while cloning
and updating existing submodules is available to all users.
Once cloned, you can browse and edit the submodule like any other
repository. When a submodule's HEAD changes to a different commit, the
parent repository shows it as modified. Use
Commit HEAD
to
stage this change in the parent, or
Revert HEAD
to undo it.
To update a submodule to the commit specified by the parent repository,
swipe left and choose
Update
. Working Copy will warn you if
the submodule has local changes.
Use
Purge
on a cloned submodule to remove its working
directory while keeping the configuration, or
Remove
on an
uncloned submodule to delete it from the configuration entirely.
If a submodule's remote URL changes, Working Copy does not have an
equivalent to
git submodule sync
, so you need to
Purge
the submodule and
Clone
it again.
During merges, submodule conflicts can occur when different branches
reference different commits. These appear in the commit interface
marked as "submodule" conflicts and can be resolved by choosing which
commit the submodule should reference.
Shortcuts
actions support submodules where some have a dedicated
Submodule field while others require selecting from the Repository
field. In the latter case, pick the parent repository first, then
configure the field again where submodules appear in the list as
"submodule @ repository".
6. Extending iOS
All repositories in Working Copy can be accessed in the Files app and
3rd party applications using the document picker or file browser components.
Other applications are allowed to read and make changes to
files and these changes stay inside Working Copy.
Perform editing in other applications and switch to Working Copy
to review and commit changes.
Initially you need to
enable
Working Copy as a Location in the Files app. After updates, there is a slight
risk that the location in the Files app becomes disabled and must be re-enabled,
sometimes requiring a device reboot before it can be activated.
Textastic
is a
very good general purpose/programmers editor that works well with Working Copy. Use
Open…
to open files and
Add External Folder…
to open entire directories in-place. You can read more
about this in the Textastic
documentation
.
iA Writer
is a markdown editor
with great design and typography that can edit Working Copy files and directories in-place.
Files are added at the
From Other Apps
screen. Add entire
directories by tapping
Edit
and then
Add Location…
from the
Library
screen.
Ulysses
is a focused and feature rich writing
app where the library of files can be
kept inside
Working Copy for easy version control of
your writing.
1Writer
is another good Markdown editor and you open files in Working Copy by tapping
in the lower right corner. If you need to work with images
Pixelmator
is a good choice.
6.1 Drag and Drop
Drag and Drop makes it much easier to get files into or out of your repositories.
Drag files from your emails, the Files app or any other supporting app to add to your repositories.
When files already exist you can import as a new file or overwrite the existing one and when the existing file in your
repository is already committed overwriting is automatic, saving you a little time, as it is very easy to Revert to
get back old files.
Directories can be dragged into repositories or to the repository list to import a new repository and zip
archives can be decompressed as they are dragged.
When dragging files out of Working Copy the result will depend on the target app. Dragging files into
emails will attach them and dragging into the Files app will export to this location. Editing apps such as
Textastic
that support this can receive a reference to files or directories letting them edit in-place such that changes are made
inside the repository.
6.2 Saving to Working Copy
Saving files into Working Copy can be accomplished by way of a Share sheet,
the mechanism also used to share files with Mail or Messages.
Picking
Working Copy
on a Share sheet will present a list of repositories,
where you drill down to the
directory where the file should be saved.
To overwrite existing files you tap a file before confirming. Otherwise you will be prompted to
enter a new file name.
After saving a file you can optionally
Commit
this change immediately and
Push
to
the remote right away.
When saving zip-archives into Working Copy you can either import the archive as a new
repository, extract to a existing repository overwriting existing files as needed,
or you can save the zip-file as is.
6.3 Edit in App
For heavy editing or specialized tasks, you may want to use a dedicated text
editor. On iOS 26 and later, use
Open
from the file context menu
to open with the default app configured in the Files app. Use the share sheet
on earlier iOS versions.
Some apps do not write changes back automatically. If your edits don't appear in
Working Copy, use
Save in Working Copy
to transfer changes back,
as described in
section 6.2
.
Only installed apps appear in the share sheet, and you can reorder them by selecting
More
on the far right.
6.4 External repositories
Some apps do not support opening files or directories in-place. If they use
iCloud Drive
or
On My Device
to store documents, you can link
from the other app into Working Copy to manage documents using Git.
When adding repositories you tap
Link external directory
and pick a
folder or Document Package in the Files app. This will appear as any
other repository inside Working Copy and as you edit, commit, push and pull
the changes are made to the original linked directory.
Alternatively you can drag directories from the Files app into the repository
list in Working Copy to create links.
Working Copy needs folder-level access which can only work with Files app
locations that support picking folders such as
iCloud Drive
,
On My Device
or
Secure ShellFish
.
Unfortunately the major cloud storage solutions only support granting file-level
access.
A
.git
folder is created if the directory you pick isn't a repository.
This is kept inside Working Copy as some apps might not expect a .git directory
and delete it. If you pick directories that belong to applications where
Working Copy knows .git folders are welcome, it will be kept in-place.
You can change the location of the
.git
directory from the repository
configuration screen.
You can convert regular repositories inside Working Copy into external repos.
Enter the
Status and Configuration
screen and pick
Link Repository to Folder
or
Link Repository to Document
from the title menu where the
latter works for directory-like documents
such as Swift Playgrounds and Codea projects.
Linked external repositories is a
pro feature
available to users
that purchased or upgraded their pro unlock after September 2020.
This can be used with apps such as
Codea
,
iA Writer
,
Obsidian
,
Scriptable
,
Swift Playgrounds
and other apps that store documents in
iCloud Drive
or
On my Device
but depending on the app in question they can be confused if the document files are
changed while they are running.
Megan Sullivan wrote an excellent
blog post
on how to sync Obsidian Vaults using Working Copy and the Shortcuts app. Since
this blog post was written the location of
Link Repository to Folder
has changed and is now found in the title menu, and building the Shortcuts automation
is no longer needed as enabling
Auto-Sync
on the linked
repository commits, pulls and pushes for you.
6.5 Files synchronisation
This is a legacy feature and has been replaced by
external repositories
that solves similar use-cases with more efficiency and flexibility. It is only available to users that
originally downloaded Working Copy in May 2022 or earlier.
-->
Configure Working Copy to open directories used by these other apps in-place.
As you work in the other apps, your changes are synced back to Working Copy to be committed.
When you pull down commits from a remote any changed files are written back to the directory
in iCloud Drive or "On my Device" for the other apps to use.
You configure a brand new repository for syncing by tapping
+
from the repository list,
Setup synced directory
and pick a directory.
All files from this directory will be imported into a new repository ready to be committed.
You can add a remote from the Repository status screen.
For existing repositories use the
Setup Folder Sync
action from the title menu of the
repository or sub-directory status screen. Initial synchronisation will combine all files from both sides
but later on the modification dates are used to determine what needs to be copied and what needs
to be deleted. It is only possible to have a single directory synced with each
repository in Working Copy.
When picking a directory for sync, iOS doesn't allow picking
document packages
,
which are documents that are directories rather than files. Use
Setup Package Sync
to bypass this limitation.
Sync status is shown with a icon above directory listings that you tap for a list of recent sync operations.
You can restore files overwritten or deleted by tapping
Restore
from this list.
Backup files are kept for at least seven days.
You can deactivate syncing from the list of sync operations.
In some situations both sides of a file have been modified since the last sync and
Working Copy will pick the side most recently changed. To draw your attention to
this possible data-loss these sync entries have a warning icon and the sync icon shows a orange counter with
the number of warnings since you last viewed the history. A red counter indicates the number
of errors since you last displayed the sync history.
6.6 WebDAV access
In situations where you need to transfer entire directory hierarchies,
a good way to get files into and out of Working Copy is the built-in
WebDAV
server.
WebDAV capabilities are built into the macOS
Finder
and most versions
of Windows also let you access WebDAV by mapping to a network drive. You will also be able to
use third party WebDAV clients for
macOS
,
Windows
,
Linux,
Android
&amp;
iOS
.
As a security precaution you need to start the server before each use and it automatically shuts down
after 15 minutes of inactivity. You should be cautious of using the WebDAV server on untrusted
networks as the transfers are unencrypted. In these cases you should restrict yourself
to connections from applications on the same device, as the traffic cannot be intercepted when
it never leaves your device. Local connections are also possible in situations without an Internet
connection. You need to specify
localhost
as the hostname in these situations.
Applications on iOS are restricted as to how long they are allowed to run in the background. If you start
the WebDAV server and switch to some other application, you will be given a grace period before
Working Copy and its WebDAV server is terminated. A notification will inform you of this and you
can
Restart
right from the notification to extend this grace period.
Enable
Server Persistence
to keep track of your location while WebDAV is enabled
and keep Working Copy running in the background.
6.7 Shortcuts and automation
Working Copy supports automation through the Shortcuts app where files and other data can
flow between actions. You locate these actions inside
Apps > Working Copy
.
Use
Get Repository Files
to get one or several files from a repository that
can be passed to other actions. The
Path
parameters can contain wildcards such as
docs/*.md
and if it points to a directory all files inside are returned.
You can configure the action to only include files with a particular status such as
modified
and combining this with
Path=/
can be useful to get all files with this status.
Files returned from
Get Repository Files
can be changed in-place by the shortcut
but only some actions work like that and often you need
Write Repository File
to put content back into repositories.
This writes a single file at a time but you can use the built-in
Repeat with Each
action to write several files.
Path
controls the
destination and can be a directory to write inside this directory,
but the action refuses to overwrite existing files unless you enable this as one
of the options shown when you tap
Show More
.
Use
Details of Repository Files
to get information like
Status
,
Repository
or
Path in Repository
from files as
properties
of the result variable.
Once you have changes use
Commit Repository
to commit
with some
Message
. No commit dialog is shown and the action looks at what
has been staged for commit either through the
Write Repository File
that stages
written files by default, through the
Stage for Commit
action or from using
the Commit dialog elsewhere and cancelling that dialog. You can configure the commit to
include all
modified
files and not just the
staged
ones.
Pull Repository
fetches and merges any new commits from the remote and
Push Repository
pushes back commits. It can often be useful to include
these actions as the first and last in a shortcut to make sure work doesn't
just stay on your device. Both actions can be configured to use a
specific
Remote
if you have several.
Sync Repository
combines these into a single step that commits everything
modified, pulls and then pushes. When no
Message
is given the repository's
Auto-Sync
message is used, and merge conflicts pause
the sync with the option of continuing inside Working Copy to resolve them. This
works well in automations that run when you open or close another app.
Switch between branches with
Checkout Branch
as long
as there are no modified files and implement custom Git flows with
Create Branch
,
Merge Branch
&amp;
Delete Branch
.
List the most recent commits using
Repository History
from any branch, current branch or a specific branch of your choice. Each commit
contains the message, author, date, sha1 identifier and
link
to
GitHub.com and other hosting provider websites when Working Copy can determine this.
All previous actions work from the Shortcuts app without having to launch Working Copy, but it can be useful
to be able to launch the app to show specific information. The
Open in Working Copy
action
can be used to show files, directories or the repository itself and to clone repositories as needed.
Working Copy uses
filesystem encryption
to make sure repositories are only available
when the device is unlocked. This is reassuring if your device should ever be
lost or stolen but inconvenient when using Shortcuts automation. Consider
configuring automations in response to app launches as the device will be
unlocked and your repositories available.
6.8 DraftCode
DraftCode
is comprehensive
editor and runtime for PHP, that lets you run entire websites on your iPad or iPhone.
Everything happens on your device and works when offline.
You can transfer a directory to DraftCode by picking
Copy
from the share sheet of a repository or directory and then using the Files app navigate to
Locations > On My Device > DraftCode > filestore
where you tap-and-hold and pick
Paste
.
5.8 Swift Playgrounds
Apple has made
Swift Playgrounds
as a tool to learn Swift. There are some tricks that are nice to know when combining
Working Copy with Swift Playgrounds.
https://oleb.net/blog/2017/05/whats-new-in-swift-4-playground/
-->
7. Beyond iOS
Not every tool is available on iOS, and Working Copy lets you
use remote computers to work on the files in your repositories.
Git remotes can be
configured
to perform operations at
Push
or you can use secure-shell to upload files to remote server
and invoke commands.
7.1 Log files
Working Copy will record log files as you clone, fetch from and push to repositories.
This can be helpful when troubleshooting connection problems, especially with
Verbose
logging enabled in the log list. If you are pushing to
special remotes the log can contain information such as whether deployment was successful.
When something interesting is logged during a remote transfer, a log thumbnail
will appear in the lower right corner. You can drag this out of the
screen to fully hide it or tap to open up the log.
Access the list of previous logs using a button at the top of the repository list.
To keep this list tidy, only recent log files will be kept, but you can mark
a log file as favourite by tapping the star to avoid automatic cleanup.
Log files can be linked to a repository inside Working Copy, such that filenames
are turned into references. Regular URL's and email addresses are detected
as well and tapping these will show a preview and let you act on them and
while preview is shown, you will be able to
Handoff
the link
to nearby Macs or iOS devices for browsing.
Often the log files exist outside Working Copy in emails, on build-server
status pages or as raw text in actual log files.
To import logs into the app, use the
Process in Working Copy
action extension from the share sheet. It knows how to deal with build status pages from
App Center
,
BitRise
,
Circle CI
and
Jenkins
but it can be used on raw text as well.
Zip archives will be unzipped and imported as a single log-file
with special markers to indicate filenames.
The best way to capture logs from App Center builds is to tap
Download Logs
and use
Process in Working Copy
on the zip archive.
Your log files are entirely private and unless you explicitly export them
they stay on your device.
7.2 SSH Upload
It can be convenient to upload the files in your repository to a test server,
and to keep server files in sync as you make changes on iOS. To do this you
enable the
SSH Upload
feature from the share sheet for a repository or directory.
As implied by the name, files are transferred using secure shell, where you either
authenticate using password or SSH keys. You pick a server, a
Remote
directory and a
Local
directory where the entire repository is used if you
do not specify a Local directory. You access a list of previously used servers
with a button to the right of the
Server
field which also contains computers
advertising
SSH services.
Tap
Upload
to start, where the app will compare files and directories
in the
Remote
directory to those in the
Local
directory uploading any files
missing on the remote server or where the local file is different than the remote file.
Once initial upload has completed, the local directory is watched for changes
and these are transferred automatically until
Upload
is stopped. This is especially
useful when working on Jekyll sites, Node.js services and other technologies that
can reload when files change.
You can switch to other
apps for editing files, but Working Copy is only allowed to keep running in the
background for a limited time. A notification will inform you when
Upload
is stopped for this reason.
Once
SSH Upload
is configured for a repository, a new button is available
in the upper right corner of the directory listing. This makes it easy to access
configuration and the icon will show status, turning green when
Upload
is enabled and indicating when files are actively being transferred and if there are
errors. If you clear all fields in the configuration, you can tap
Hide
to disable
SSH Upload
entirely until you enable it
again with the share sheet.
7.3 SSH Command
Sometimes you need to apply a tool on your server to the files in your
repository on iOS. You can run
make
on a Makefile, have
pdflatex
create a PDF file from
L
a
T
e
X
, use
xcodebuild
to build apps or almost anything else you can invoke on the command line.
SSH Command
lets you configure commands for different file types that can be
invoked on your server using secure shell. Output from the command is shown as a
log
file,
where mentions of files that exist in your repository are converted into links.
Files on the server created or modified by running the command are
downloaded back into your repository.
You do this from the context menu of files and directories or
with
⌘ $
or
⌘ ⇧ S
as keyboard shortcuts.
Configuration is similar to
SSH Upload
but you also
configure a
Command
to run on the server.
When you tap
Start
an initial upload is performed, but while waiting for
local changes the specified command is run on the remote server. When this command has
completed upload syncing stops and any files created or modified will be
downloaded into your
Local
directory.
Machine generated files are often not version controlled,
and the easiest way to enforce this, is to add these to your
.gitignore
file.
Sliding left on files in the directory listing and picking
Ignore
is the fastest
way to achieve this. Note that files in
.gitignore
are still downloaded and uploaded.
It is only for version-control purposes they are ignored.
Since Working Copy has no way of knowing which files are relevant, everything in your
Local
directory is synced to the
Remote
directory. If you run
the same command many times using the same remote directory, there will often only
be a few files that have changed and need to be uploaded. When configuring
the command it can be helpful to create a subdirectory just for running this command,
which can be done by tapping
+
in the remote directory picker.
The app will remember previous commands and these are available from the
button to the right of the
Command
field combining commands for the exact filename, the same file extension or
the most recent commands for any file. The top choice for a given file is available as an
action when sliding left on files in directory listings.
You need a Linux or BSD server accessible through secure shell to use this feature,
but it doesn't have to be an expensive server. A small virtual private server (VPS)
will get you far and can be purchased for less than $5 per month. You can use your Mac
as a server by enabling
Remote Login
.
Even though you can run all sorts of commands, this feature is not a
substitute for a standalone SSH client. When your operation has multiple steps or you
are not 100% sure what option a command takes, a standalone interactive SSH client
should be used. A good compromise for complicated commands is to use an interactive client
to create shell scripts that you invoke with
SSH Command
.
Secure ShellFish
is a full featured SSH client by the developer of Working Copy, the editor
Textastic
contains an interactive SSH client, and
La Terminal
is another powerful
SSH client from the creator of Midnight Commander.
To exclude the files uploaded and downloaded put a
.sshignore
file
in the outermost directory of your repository. The format is similar to
.gitignore
in that each line is a glob pattern of files to exclude,
where
*
matches a number of filename characters and
**
matches a number of characters including /. Matches are done against the entire path when /
is part of the pattern and otherwise only the filename should match. Details of the pattern
format is the same as for
.editorconfig
.
Lines starting with
#
are comments and
you start lines with
^
to make reverse rules overriding
earlier but not later lines.
# Ignore .bin files everywhere, but only .js files inside tmp &amp; don't ignore Index.js
*.bin
/tmp/*.js
^Index.js
If the server claims your regular commands do not exist
the
$PATH
variable is probably not what you expect. Try running
echo $PATH
using SSH Command as a troubleshooting step.
Working Copy identifies itself as an interactive login shell,
but in reality it isn't interactive and if the server detects this your
.bashrc
script
might not run. Doing path configurations in
.profile
or
.bash_profile
can fix this.
8. Help and Support
A lot of work has gone into making Working Copy as trouble-free to use as possible,
but despite that, problems will sometimes occur. Please send your
questions by email to
and I will do my very best to assist.
8.1 File Backup
Files stored in Git are often very safe, since repositories are stored in multiple
locations some on local computers and some on remote servers. Files that have not yet
been committed and pushed to a server are somewhat vulnerable to data loss.
These files
take part in regular
iOS backup to either iCloud or a local computer through iTunes. You access the files using
iTunes File Sharing
and since this uses an external computer, you can recover your files in situations
where Working Copy itself has problems running. Your files will be in a directory
called
changes
.
When you restore an iPad or iPhone from backup you can reclone some or all your old repositories
by going to "Previous repositories" in settings. When cloning completes any changed and not yet pushed
files are moved into the repository for you to either commit or discard.
Previous repositories without a remote cannot be cloned but are listed to let you export the backed up files.
8.2 How to purchase
Working Copy is a free download but you need to pay to unlock pro features:
Push
to remote
SSH
Upload
SSH
Command
Font
customization
External
Preview
Repository Folders
Pull Request
creation
Rebase
from remotes
Submodule
configuration
Stash
changes
Unlimited repositories
Editing
Branch
history
Linked external
repositories
Sign commits
with SSH keys
AI suggested
commit messages
Commit
Amend
Secure Enclave
SSH keys
Annotate
PDF documents
This unlock is a one-time purchase remembered by
Apple such that you can restore the unlock on other devices using the same Apple ID.
The features you unlock are permanently available and any other pro features
added the next 12 months after purchase are also permanently available.
After one year new pro features introduced will be locked until you purchase
an upgrade. Even if you do not purchase a new unlock after 12 months, the app will
still be updated with improvements and bug-fixes.
Students have access to all features for free through
the
GitHub Education Pack
and new users
get a 10 day free trial of pro features.
8.3 Restoring purchases
If you have more than one iOS device or switch to a new iPhone or iPad, the pro
unlock might not be immediately recognised on all devices.
Tap
Restore previous purchase
from the
Pro Unlock
screen inside
settings to refresh payment information from the App Store.
If your purchase is not recognised in Working Copy, you should check whether the App Store
app recognises your purchase. Open the
App Store page
for Working Copy and check the list of in-app purchases. When the button for
Working Copy Pro Unlock
is disabled, your purchase is recognised.
A common reason your purchase isn't recognised inside Working Copy is due to a technical
limitation set by Apple: apps can only restore purchases made with the same Apple ID that
downloaded the app. When downloading free apps it doesn't seem relevant what account is
logged in, but unfortunately it does matter.
The solution is to uninstall the app, make sure you are signed in with the Apple ID
that purchased the pro unlock, reinstall Working Copy and restore purchases. Note that
there is no reason to try this if you only ever use a single App Store account.
Sign up for the
newsletter
and get in touch
on
Mastodon
or by
email
.
