‎Runestone Text Editor App - App Store
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Runestone Text Editor
Edit plain text and code
Free · In‑App Purchases
Share
2K Ratings
4.7
Age Rating
4+
Years
Chart
#42
Developer Tools
Developer
Simon B. Støvring
Language
EN
English
Size
67.6
MB
iPhone, iPad, Apple Vision
A plain text editor with syntax highlighting, line numbers, search and replace, page guide, and much more. It's like TextEdit but more powerful and optimised for iPhone and iPad.
Runestone is made by a single person with a love for text editors and a vision of building the most lightweight text editor for iPhone and iPad that still has the core features for editing code.
Features:
- Syntax highlighting of many languages including HTML, JavaScript, JSON, Markdown, Swift, Python, PHP, YAML, and many more.
- Select one of the twelve standard themes including popular themes like Tomorrow, Dracula, Solarized, and One Dark Pro.
- Innovative find and replace for searching and modifying text while still viewing your file.
- Choose font and font size, including support for custom fonts imported using another third-party app.
- Show the line and column the cursor is located on.
- Uses the standard document browser for an experience similar to the Files app.
- Quickly navigate to a specific line.
- Automatically close opening brackets and quotes.
- Multiple windows on the iPad.
- Format code using Prettier.js. Supported languages include CSS,HTML, JavaScript, JSON, PHP and more.
- Choose text encoding between popular encodings like UTF-8, UTF-16, ISO Latin 1, and many more.
- Enable or disable autocorrection, autocapitalization, and smart punctuation.
- Set default file extension of new files.
- Open files in Runestone from the Share Sheet.
- Print documents.
Premium features:
- Choose between eight app icons.
- Show line numbers.
- Highlight the selected line.
- Increase line height and letter spacing.
- Disable line wrapping to allow horizontal scrolling.
- Show tabs, spaces, and line breaks using a selected symbol.
- Enable page guide at a specific column to easily tell when lines are getting too long.
- Add vertical and horizontal overscroll.
- Remember the selected language per file.
- Save file extensions and filenames that should always be treated as plain text files.
- Enable soft tabs and choose the width of the tab character.
- Specify whether pressing the tab key should insert a tab or indent the line.
- Adjust the scaling of Markdown headings and disable highlighting of code blocks in Markdown.
Runestone was built on the open-source framework with the same name. Find more information on the Runestone framework at&nbsp;github.com/simonbs/runestone
more
Ratings &amp; Reviews
4.7
out of 5
2K Ratings
I wrote this review in Runestone
05/06/2022
Slaxx99
A good text editor is like a freshly sharpened chef’s knife. It just FEELS good to use, and it makes you happy. You know what a dull knife feels like and you can appreciate the perfect slicing motion you get from using the right tool for the job. Runestone is the right tool for text editing. It’s gorgeous, powerful enough to tackle editing huge files, and simple enough to jot down some quick notes or whip up a blog post for your static site. Combine this app with a git client, an SSH client, and you can manage your home software stack on the go. Finally, there’s not enough space here to say nice things about the developer, so I’ll leave it at - he’s incredibly thoughtful and responsive. If you have feedback on the app, hit him up on Twitter. Thanks Simon, for dedicating so much time to making this amazing app!!
I wrote this review in Runestone
05/06/2022
Slaxx99
A good text editor is like a freshly sharpened chef’s knife. It just FEELS good to use, and it makes you happy. You know what a dull knife feels like and you can appreciate the perfect slicing motion you get from using the right tool for the job. Runestone is the right tool for text editing. It’s gorgeous, powerful enough to tackle editing huge files, and simple enough to jot down some quick notes or whip up a blog post for your static site. Combine this app with a git client, an SSH client, and you can manage your home software stack on the go. Finally, there’s not enough space here to say nice things about the developer, so I’ll leave it at - he’s incredibly thoughtful and responsive. If you have feedback on the app, hit him up on Twitter. Thanks Simon, for dedicating so much time to making this amazing app!!
App is Sluggish Under iPadOS 18
12/14/2024
JCollins2048
I used to really like this editor.  I've been using the free version for a few months now, and it's a nice, cozy, "no frills" alternative to Apple Notes.  It's the closest thing to having NotePad++ on my machine as I can get, and I've been enjoying the features I do use.  However, I recently updated to iPadOS 18 and, since then, the app has been kind of laggy and sluggish.Prior to getting iPadOS 18, the app would open quietly and go straight to the file selection menu.  Now, however, it opens to this screen with a blown-up icon scrolling vertically upward, hangs there and lags my iPad for a couple of seconds, and then opens the file selection menu on the bottom half of the screen rather than the entire screen.  This makes me not want to use this particular app, anymore, since I can no longer quickly hop in, jot something down, and hop out.I have no real complaints beyond that.  It crashes on occasion when deleting, undoing, or redoing… but that's more acceptable than this new startup sequence.  I really dislike it that much.
App is Sluggish Under iPadOS 18
12/14/2024
JCollins2048
I used to really like this editor.  I've been using the free version for a few months now, and it's a nice, cozy, "no frills" alternative to Apple Notes.  It's the closest thing to having NotePad++ on my machine as I can get, and I've been enjoying the features I do use.  However, I recently updated to iPadOS 18 and, since then, the app has been kind of laggy and sluggish.Prior to getting iPadOS 18, the app would open quietly and go straight to the file selection menu.  Now, however, it opens to this screen with a blown-up icon scrolling vertically upward, hangs there and lags my iPad for a couple of seconds, and then opens the file selection menu on the bottom half of the screen rather than the entire screen.  This makes me not want to use this particular app, anymore, since I can no longer quickly hop in, jot something down, and hop out.I have no real complaints beyond that.  It crashes on occasion when deleting, undoing, or redoing… but that's more acceptable than this new startup sequence.  I really dislike it that much.
Best Text Editor
06/14/2022
dhdeckard
I’ve tried so many text editors from Coda for iOS to Koder to Textastic. They’ve all been “ok”, but the problem I kept coming down to was the syntax highlighting. I’m a web developer and I use Atom on Mac every single day. I discovered this app and the syntax highlighting looked pretty good, but then I found where you can create your own theme and I immediately bought Premium and got to work replicating Atoms theme I use. I got it 90% of the way there and I’m in love. I’ve wanted this for years. THANK YOU.If I could ask for anything it would be tabs for multiple files open at once and maybe a tree view on the left to browse files and folder structure, but other than that I LOVE IT.
Best Text Editor
06/14/2022
dhdeckard
I’ve tried so many text editors from Coda for iOS to Koder to Textastic. They’ve all been “ok”, but the problem I kept coming down to was the syntax highlighting. I’m a web developer and I use Atom on Mac every single day. I discovered this app and the syntax highlighting looked pretty good, but then I found where you can create your own theme and I immediately bought Premium and got to work replicating Atoms theme I use. I got it 90% of the way there and I’m in love. I’ve wanted this for years. THANK YOU.If I could ask for anything it would be tabs for multiple files open at once and maybe a tree view on the left to browse files and folder structure, but other than that I LOVE IT.
Outstanding Editor
03/28/2024
WhiplashZamboniMan
If you are a VoiceOver user like I am and on iOS 17.4.1, there is one small problem when punctuation is set to anything but all under VoiceOver, verbosity. When walking through a text file line by line, VoiceOver fails to include the last character of every line whether or not the last character is punctuation. Setting verbosity for punctuation to all correctly identifies every character on the line.This editor is quick! A few of the others I've tested that are supposed to work with VoiceOver are so slow they are completely useless. I'm using this editor to write LaTeX documents and it works very well.
Outstanding Editor
03/28/2024
WhiplashZamboniMan
If you are a VoiceOver user like I am and on iOS 17.4.1, there is one small problem when punctuation is set to anything but all under VoiceOver, verbosity. When walking through a text file line by line, VoiceOver fails to include the last character of every line whether or not the last character is punctuation. Setting verbosity for punctuation to all correctly identifies every character on the line.This editor is quick! A few of the others I've tested that are supposed to work with VoiceOver are so slow they are completely useless. I'm using this editor to write LaTeX documents and it works very well.
What’s New
Version History
Brings small optimizations for iOS 27.
1.6.2
6d ago
Fixes an issue where the "Always Open" option in the Unsupported File Type dialog would be disabled even after purchasing Premium.
1.6.1
09/15/2025
Brings a fresh new design for devices on the latest iOS and iPadOS and keeps the app running smoothly.
1.6
09/10/2025
Replaces the Tintable app icon with a Dynamic app icon. The new Dynamic app icon adjusts accordingly to match the appearance of your Home Screen.
1.5.2
10/01/2024
Fixes a performance issue introduced in the document browser in version 1.5.
1.5.1
09/30/2024
- Introduces a new launch experience for iOS 18.
- Enables quick access to creating temporary files from the new launch experience.
- Adds the Tintable app icon, suitable for tinting on the Home Screen on iOS 18.
1.5.0
09/27/2024
Fixes an issue where text selection could start behaving incorrectly after navigating between word boundaries using a hardware keyboard.
1.4.8
02/23/2024
Highlighting inline LaTeX in Markdown documents is now disabled by default. This can be enabled again in Languages settings.
1.4.7
02/16/2024
Bug fixes and smaller improvements.
1.4.6
02/12/2024
- Redesigns the App Icon settings.
- Improves the behavior of several toolbar items on the iPad.
- Automatic language detection based on file extensions is now case-insensitive.
- Improves navigation in font picker on iOS 17.
- The text showing the cursor position now scales correctly.
1.4.5
02/05/2024
Fixes an issue where highlighted search results could be covered by the Find &amp; Replace panel.
1.3.21
09/25/2023
Fixes an issue where the caret would not appear until the second time the text view was selected when running the app on iOS 17.
1.3.20
09/24/2023
Fixes an issue where renaming a file would show the old filename and cause the editor to become unresponsive.
1.3.19
03/20/2023
Fixes an issue where the app would sometimes crash when editing documents with nested languages.
1.3.18
03/16/2023
- Improves the text layout by trimming leading whitespace on line fragments. This closely matches the text layout of the standard text editors on iOS.
- Fixes an issue where invisible character symbols would sometimes be placed incorrectly.
1.3.17
02/13/2023
Fixes issues working with files containing Windows-style line breaks.
1.3.16
01/16/2023
- Adds setting to set the minimum width of the gutter containing line numbers. Find the new setting in the Lines settings.
- Fixes an issue where Markdown was not correctly highlighted.
1.3.15
01/14/2023
This update contains fixes for some minor issues.
1.3.14
01/03/2023
- Adds support for highlighting SQL.
- Fixes an issue where code blocks in Markdown were not highlighted.
1.3.13
12/19/2022
Fixes an issue where the header in the editor would sometimes display incorrectly after rotating the iPad.
1.3.12
11/18/2022
Fixes an issue where the placement of the caret was not updated correctly after deleting a word using Option+Backspace.
1.3.11
11/09/2022
- Adds support for syntax highlighting Haskell files.
- Fixes an issue where entering marked text did not work properly. This bug would, for example, affect users writing in Chinese.
- Fixes an issue where adding a comment to the end of a Swift file would sometimes cause the app to hang infinitely.
1.3.10
11/07/2022
Improves support for writing text in Korean, and other languages that use combined glyphs.
1.3.9
11/02/2022
Adds a customizable toolbar to the editor. The new toolbar is available on iPads running iPadOS 16.1 or later.
1.3.8
10/24/2022
- Sometimes the position of the caret was not updated after pasting text.
- Fixes a few issues that would cause the app to crash.
1.3.7
10/17/2022
Brings small optimizations for iOS 27.
more
Version 1.6.2
6d ago
In-App Purchases
Premium
Get the most out of Runestone with Premium.
$9.99
App Privacy
App Privacy
The developer,
Simon B. Støvring
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. This information has not been verified by Apple. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
To help you better understand the developer’s responses, see
Privacy Definitions and Examples
.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
The developer,
Simon B. Støvring
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Accessibility
The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports.
Learn More
Information
Seller
Simon Stovring
Size
67.6 MB
Category
Developer Tools
Compatibility
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
iPhone
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 15.0 or later.
iPod&nbsp;touch
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 2.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
4+
4+
Learn More
In-App Purchases
Yes
Premium
$9.99
Learn More
Copyright
© 2026 Simon B. Støvring
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Supports
Family Sharing
Some in-app purchases and subscriptions may be shareable with your family group when Family Sharing is enabled.
Learn More
More by Simon B. Støvring
View
Scriptable
Automation using JavaScript
View
Jayson
JSON editor with Shortcuts
View
Data Jar
Data Store for Shortcuts
View
Festivitas
Festive lights in widgets
View
brrr • send push notifications
Send pushes via webhooks
View
Re: Toot
Quote posts for Mastodon
View
Stroke Counter for Golf
Track strokes on your wrist
View
Sticky Draw
Create your own stickers
You Might Also Like
View
Textastic Code Editor
Text, Coding, SFTP Client, SSH
View
Kodex
A powerful code editor
View
a-Shell
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
View
Pyto IDE
Python, C/C++
View
Git client - Working Copy
for GitHub and self-hosted
View
Code Editor - Compiler &amp; IDE
Programming on mobile
View
a-Shell mini
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
View
Web Inspector
Developer Console for Safari
View
xTerminal - SSH Terminal Shell
SSH Client, Shell Console Term
View
Swifty Compiler: Swift IDE
Code Editor &amp; Playground
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)
Select a country or region
Africa, Middle East, and India
See All
Algeria
Angola
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Cameroun
Cape Verde
Chad
Côte d’Ivoire
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Egypt
Eswatini
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea-Bissau
India
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger (English)
Nigeria
Oman
Qatar
Congo, Republic of
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uganda
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Asia Pacific
See All
Afghanistan
Australia
Bhutan
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
中国大陆
Fiji
香港
Indonesia (English)
日本
Kazakhstan
대한민국
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
澳門
Malaysia (English)
Maldives
Micronesia, Federated States of
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Zealand
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Singapore
Solomon Islands
台灣
Thailand
Tonga
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Europe
See All
Albania
Armenia
Österreich
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France (Français)
Georgia
Deutschland
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italia
Kosovo
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg (English)
Malta
Moldova, Republic Of
Montenegro
Nederland
North Macedonia
Norway
Poland
Portugal (Português)
Romania
Россия
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
España
Sverige
Schweiz
Türkiye (English)
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Latin America and the Caribbean
See All
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina (Español)
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia (Español)
Brasil
Virgin Islands, British
Cayman Islands
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Costa Rica (Español)
Dominica
República Dominicana
Ecuador (Español)
El Salvador (Español)
Grenada
Guatemala (Español)
Guyana
Honduras (Español)
Jamaica
México
Montserrat
Nicaragua (Español)
Panamá
Paraguay (Español)
Perú
St. Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
St. Vincent and The Grenadines
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos
Uruguay (English)
Venezuela (Español)
The United States and Canada
See All
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
United States
Estados Unidos (Español México)
الولايات المتحدة
США
美国 (简体中文)
États-Unis (Français France)
미국
Estados Unidos (Português Brasil)
Hoa Kỳ
美國 (繁體中文台灣)
Copyright © 2026
Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.
Internet Service Terms
App Store &amp; Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support
