‎Textastic Code Editor App - App Store
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Textastic Code Editor
Text, Coding, SFTP Client, SSH
Free · In‑App Purchases
Share
2.5K Ratings
4.7
Age Rating
4+
Years
Chart
#44
Developer Tools
Developer
Alexander Blach
Language
EN
+ 1 More
Size
27.2
MB
iPhone, iPad
Textastic is a comprehensive and versatile text and code editor for iPad and iPhone. It supports syntax highlighting for more than 80 programming and markup languages. Connect to SFTP, FTP, and WebDAV servers or to your Dropbox account. Use the built-in SSH terminal to work directly on your server.
Features:
- Syntax highlighting for more than 80 languages, including HTML, JavaScript, CSS, C++, Swift, Objective-C, Rust, XML, Markdown, PHP, Perl, Python, Ruby, Lua, YAML, JSON, SQL, shell scripts, and many more (full list available on the website)
- Compatible with Sublime Text 3 and TextMate 1 syntax definitions and themes
- Code completion for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C, Objective-C, and PHP
- SFTP (SSH), FTP, FTPS (FTP over SSL), WebDAV, and Dropbox clients
- SSH terminal connections
- Code formatter for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JSON
- Git repositories from the Git client app Working Copy can be opened as external folders in Textastic
- Emmet support
- JavaScript console
- iCloud Drive file synchronization
- WebDAV server for easy file transfer between Textastic and your Mac or PC over Wi-Fi
- Symbol list for quick navigation within a file
- Full support for external keyboards, trackpads, and mice
- Configurable keyboard shortcuts
- Additional keys above the virtual keyboard for frequently used programming characters
- Cursor navigation wheel for easy text selection
- Move the cursor using swipe gestures
- Split View and Slide Over multitasking on iPad
- Open multiple files in tabs
- Multiple windows on iPadOS
- Dark Mode support
- Support for common text encodings such as UTF-8, UTF-16, and ISO-8859-1
- Support for different tab widths and soft tabs (spaces instead of tabs)
- Custom fonts
- Find and Replace, including regular expression search
- Find in multiple files
- File information such as character and word counts
- Local and remote web preview for HTML and Markdown files
Pricing:
Textastic requires a monthly or yearly subscription or a one-time purchase. Each subscription includes a 7-day free trial with full access to all features.
Privacy Policy: https://www.textasticapp.com/privacy.html
Terms of Use: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
more
Ratings &amp; Reviews
4.7
out of 5
2.5K Ratings
The Big T application FANTASTIC
07/31/2019
Master-and-Commander
LOVE IT!  I am an old mainframe guy, and most of my career I used Xedit. I want to say Kedit wasFor DOS or Command Line but no GUI. So basically PC based, maybe AIX or Red Hat. Just not sure. My point is Xedit and Kedit were soraly missed.  GUI is OK but the dev. For Windows, AIX, or day Redhat stuck to what they knew. Sad. Your T-Rex editor name (I like that better than Textastic name. The other does not sing).  I was using NOTES+++ for a while, rich with function, but not intuitive. It would take an investment on time to fully understand. Plus, I really never trusted it. Nothing is Free. How to the get $$.T-isfortext or T-Rex are better names. To the point. I LIKE IT! It’s simple, intuitive, lite-weight, offers numerous function. It’s the closest to a green screen than you can get.The other editor I have is TextEdit and it looks to be very nice. But there is a learning curve and I just cannot spare the time right now. I will sit down with it sooner or later.Wish list. If you could purchase Kedit, not sure it’s avail, and integrate if making it available again would be great.2 points.     (1) you have a really good product with T-Rex (Textastic) do whatever you can to keep quality HIGH.      (2) Please Stay far away from subscription base charge back. Do not! Stay away! If you need funds to maintain or grow application, get with me and I’ll propose a model that will do just that.
The Big T application FANTASTIC
07/31/2019
Master-and-Commander
LOVE IT!  I am an old mainframe guy, and most of my career I used Xedit. I want to say Kedit wasFor DOS or Command Line but no GUI. So basically PC based, maybe AIX or Red Hat. Just not sure. My point is Xedit and Kedit were soraly missed.  GUI is OK but the dev. For Windows, AIX, or day Redhat stuck to what they knew. Sad. Your T-Rex editor name (I like that better than Textastic name. The other does not sing).  I was using NOTES+++ for a while, rich with function, but not intuitive. It would take an investment on time to fully understand. Plus, I really never trusted it. Nothing is Free. How to the get $$.T-isfortext or T-Rex are better names. To the point. I LIKE IT! It’s simple, intuitive, lite-weight, offers numerous function. It’s the closest to a green screen than you can get.The other editor I have is TextEdit and it looks to be very nice. But there is a learning curve and I just cannot spare the time right now. I will sit down with it sooner or later.Wish list. If you could purchase Kedit, not sure it’s avail, and integrate if making it available again would be great.2 points.     (1) you have a really good product with T-Rex (Textastic) do whatever you can to keep quality HIGH.      (2) Please Stay far away from subscription base charge back. Do not! Stay away! If you need funds to maintain or grow application, get with me and I’ll propose a model that will do just that.
Makes coding simple on the iPad
12/14/2024
Maos
I spent a long time looking for a good SSH client and text editor for the iPad and was resigned to using sub-par products until I found Textastic. I use it mostly with an iPad Pro, external keyboard, and mouse and it's easier to do coding via SSH on my iPad now than my desktop. I love that I can write markdown, HTML, CSS, Python, or YAML and Textastic handles them all. Even when I don't have my keyboard with me, I am not left without essential keys (hello, esc anyone?) that can be hard to find on the built-in virtual keyboard. Plus function keys!!! OMG. I even use it to write files to Obsidian (markdown) when I'm working and don't want to switch apps. Textastic is super versatile and the developer keeps on making improvements, so it's just getting better. Plus, it's not a subscription and they don't track you or invade your privacy. This is the best text editor on the iPad BAR NONE.
Makes coding simple on the iPad
12/14/2024
Maos
I spent a long time looking for a good SSH client and text editor for the iPad and was resigned to using sub-par products until I found Textastic. I use it mostly with an iPad Pro, external keyboard, and mouse and it's easier to do coding via SSH on my iPad now than my desktop. I love that I can write markdown, HTML, CSS, Python, or YAML and Textastic handles them all. Even when I don't have my keyboard with me, I am not left without essential keys (hello, esc anyone?) that can be hard to find on the built-in virtual keyboard. Plus function keys!!! OMG. I even use it to write files to Obsidian (markdown) when I'm working and don't want to switch apps. Textastic is super versatile and the developer keeps on making improvements, so it's just getting better. Plus, it's not a subscription and they don't track you or invade your privacy. This is the best text editor on the iPad BAR NONE.
💕 it
04/05/2025
sharikovovov
i love the app so much i signed up for the pro version — even though i was grandfathered in with my prev purchase. There are so many thoughtful touches in the app; i particularly like the option (available in the Apps=&gt;Textastic section of the ios Settings app) to reset open files. This allows idiots to save "oneself" (ie,myself) from some truly egregious regex mishaps. the developer also added the option to disable the annoying "Writing Tools" option from the ios context menu...AWESOME. didn't know how much i needed that. (if the search/replace field remembered ~10 of the most recent inputs, i would die of happiness)The app continues to amaze me with what it can handle; it almost never crashes (even when i blithely ignore its warning re: large files), is super zippy and just a pleasure to use. Buy it, you won't regret it!!
Developer Response
Thanks – your review really made my day!I’ve added your search/replace history idea to my todo list – good point.Love hearing how you’re using the little details in the app. I appreciate your support!
💕 it
04/05/2025
sharikovovov
i love the app so much i signed up for the pro version — even though i was grandfathered in with my prev purchase. There are so many thoughtful touches in the app; i particularly like the option (available in the Apps=&gt;Textastic section of the ios Settings app) to reset open files. This allows idiots to save "oneself" (ie,myself) from some truly egregious regex mishaps. the developer also added the option to disable the annoying "Writing Tools" option from the ios context menu...AWESOME. didn't know how much i needed that. (if the search/replace field remembered ~10 of the most recent inputs, i would die of happiness)The app continues to amaze me with what it can handle; it almost never crashes (even when i blithely ignore its warning re: large files), is super zippy and just a pleasure to use. Buy it, you won't regret it!!
Developer Response
04/07/2025
Thanks – your review really made my day!I’ve added your search/replace history idea to my todo list – good point.Love hearing how you’re using the little details in the app. I appreciate your support!
I do all my web development in this app
01/15/2018
vriley
Yes, I have a Macbook Pro with all the latest web dev tools. But I always have my iPad with me, and I end up doing all my development with Textastic. It has its own local file structure so you can build the server folder and file structure locally and develop with relative links. You can store all the resources (graphics, images, scripts, stylesheets, etc.) in their proper places so the entire site can be uploaded as it exists on the device. My typical workflow starts with Graphic for graphic and image resources, Pixelmator to edit images to size, and Textastic for html, css, and Javascript as needed. iCloud files are synced automatically so I can pick up on any device, and upload to the web host directly from the iCloud directories. This is one of the essential apps that make the iPad so incredibly useful.
I do all my web development in this app
01/15/2018
vriley
Yes, I have a Macbook Pro with all the latest web dev tools. But I always have my iPad with me, and I end up doing all my development with Textastic. It has its own local file structure so you can build the server folder and file structure locally and develop with relative links. You can store all the resources (graphics, images, scripts, stylesheets, etc.) in their proper places so the entire site can be uploaded as it exists on the device. My typical workflow starts with Graphic for graphic and image resources, Pixelmator to edit images to size, and Textastic for html, css, and Javascript as needed. iCloud files are synced automatically so I can pick up on any device, and upload to the web host directly from the iCloud directories. This is one of the essential apps that make the iPad so incredibly useful.
What’s New
Version History
- Fixed a rare issue where closing an editor tab before its file finished opening could keep file-related system resources active.
- Fixed an issue where deleting local files could fail on future OS versions.
10.9.8
Sep 5
- The list of syntax definitions is now searchable, making it faster to find a language by name or file extension.
- Improved File Properties with an updated appearance, simplified line ending selection and clearer character encoding guidance.
- Minor improvements to the file creation interface.
- Fixed an issue where opening a file from another app (such as Files or Shortcuts) while Textastic was not running could create a duplicate tab instead of switching to the existing one.
- Fixed an issue where recent changes to open files could be missing from exported, shared, or zipped files and folders. Open files within the selected folder are now automatically saved before exporting, sharing, or zipping.
10.9.7
Aug 11
- Fixed an issue where some app data could persist after deleting and reinstalling the app.
10.9.6
Jul 29
The WebDAV client has been reimplemented using modern APIs:
- Now supports multiple connections to the same server with different credentials/accounts
- Improved compatibility with WebDAV servers, including support for file modification dates on more servers
- Fixed an issue with folders whose names contain special characters such as ()!+ on some WebDAV servers
- More reliable uploads, downloads, and file operations
Also improved:
- “Show in Files App” in the context menu for files: the selected file is now highlighted in the Files app instead of only opening its parent folder
10.9.5
Jul 1
- Updated OpenSSL and libcurl to the latest versions.
10.9.4
Apr 13
- Create file or folder: You can now press Return to confirm creation.
- Deleting files in “Local Files”, “iCloud”, or external iCloud Drive folders now moves them to “Recently Deleted” in the Files app, where they can be restored if needed.
- Fixed incorrect formatting of PHP code inside script tags in PHP files.
- Other minor improvements.
10.9.3
Feb 24
- Added syntax definitions for TOML, Kotlin, and Jsonnet.
- Improved automatic syntax detection for files like “Makefile”, “Cargo.lock”, and “Gemfile”: If no match is found by file extension, the full file name is used as a fallback.
10.9.2
Feb 12
- Fixed: On iOS 18 and 26, underlines were not drawn in the code editor (for example, for links and email addresses in Markdown files).
10.9.1
Feb 5
New: Export and Import Remote Connections
You can now export (S)FTP and WebDAV connections to a JSON file, then import them on another device or keep them as a backup.
This can be used to:
- Move connections between devices (for example, from iPhone to iPad)
- Create backups of your connection settings
- Share connection setups with your team
- Edit or create connection files manually if needed
You can find more details in the manual under “Remote Connections” &gt; “Exporting and Importing Remote Connections”:
https://www.textasticapp.com/v10/manual/remote_servers/export_import.html
Other Changes:
- Removed the Google Drive client, as previously announced
- File &gt; Save (Cmd-S) now always saves the currently open file, even if it was not modified
10.9
Jan 20
Fixed a rare issue where a view could be dismissed twice.
10.8.7
12/31/2025
- On iPad, files opened via “Open With” &gt; Textastic in the Files app or “Open” in Working Copy now open as new tabs in an existing Textastic window instead of always opening a new window.
- On iPad, window titles now update correctly after opening files.
- The special folder icon with a gear for the #Textastic folder is now only shown for the #Textastic folder in “Local Files.”
10.8.6
12/18/2025
- Added support for the “Prefer Non-Blinking Cursor” accessibility setting (located in Accessibility &gt; Motion).
- Fixed a crash that could occur when toggling underline of text at the start of a Markdown or HTML file.
10.8.5
11/26/2025
- Improved unpacking of ZIP files: ZIP archives containing only a single file or folder no longer create an additional subfolder.
- Other minor improvements.
10.8.4
11/22/2025
- Updated the libcurl library to the latest version to fix an issue when downloading empty files over SFTP on a reused connection. Previously, downloading 0-byte files over SFTP after listing a directory could result in the error message "Number of redirects hit maximum amount."
- Web preview: On iOS 26, the debug console button now pulses when there is a new entry. On earlier iOS versions, a badge with the number of entries is shown.
10.8.3
10/29/2025
- Fixed an issue on iPadOS 26 that sometimes caused the insertion point to jump to the beginning of the file when working with multiple windows and clicking in the editor with a trackpad or mouse.
- Added a workaround for an issue where the editor would scroll to the top and immediately to the bottom when tapping at the top of the window on iPadOS 26.
10.8.2
10/21/2025
- Fixed an issue with the web preview in Dark Mode where websites that didn’t set a background color appeared with a black background instead of white, resulting in black text on a black background.
- Fixed an issue where the “…” button could be missing on iPhone after downloading the currently open file using the file transfer screen and reopening the same file.
- Other minor improvements.
10.8.1
10/14/2025
Added support for the Liquid Glass design on iOS and iPadOS 26. The interface is fully updated to match the latest system appearance.
Includes an updated app icon and adjustments for the new iPhone Air display size.
Other Improvements:
- Web Preview: fixed a brief white flicker when opened in Dark Mode.
- Improved naming of line ending types.
- Disabled auto-pairing of single quotes in LaTeX and TeX math environments.
- Other minor improvements and fixes.
10.8
10/07/2025
- Added support for “Use Selection for Find” (Cmd-E) to quickly search for the selected text or the word at the insertion point.
- Added full support for the new menu bar in upcoming iPadOS versions.
- Updated some keyboard shortcuts (like “Show Sidebar”) to match system defaults. You can customize keyboard shortcuts in Settings → Keyboard Shortcuts.
- Fixed layout issues with the on-screen keyboard on the upcoming iPadOS version.
- Other minor improvements.
10.7.5
09/06/2025
- Fixed an issue where triple-tapping empty lines at the start of a file could cause an infinite loop and eventual crash.
- Fixed an issue where auto-indentation could interfere with dictation, causing it to stop unexpectedly.
- Other minor improvements.
10.7.4
08/11/2025
- Fixed an issue where inserting new lines while zoomed into the editor could cause parts of the editor to not be fully redrawn.
- Other minor improvements.
10.7.3
07/29/2025
- Fixed a flickering issue that could occur when scrolling with automatic word wrap disabled. (Present since the previous version.)
- Fixed an issue where the second-to-last tab could sometimes disappear on certain iPhone models.
10.7.2
07/25/2025
- Tapping the editor to bring up the on-screen keyboard now scrolls the tapped line into view if it would otherwise be hidden behind the keyboard.
- Removed the redundant “Files” button on iPad, which always displayed the sidebar as an overlay. The sidebar now automatically appears as an overlay in portrait orientation on smaller devices and with small window sizes. You can still overlay the sidebar in landscape orientation using Ctrl-Option-Cmd-B or by swiping to the right.
- Improved button layout on small iPad displays and with small window sizes.
- Improved interactive window resizing on iPadOS and fixed flickering on future systems.
- Updated the web preview chapter in the manual.
- Updated the manual entry on how Textastic integrates with Working Copy.
- Updated the libcurl library to the latest version.
- Other minor improvements.
10.7.1
07/16/2025
New: Code Formatting!
You can now format HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JSON files using the new built-in formatter based on js-beautify.
Tap the (…) menu in the top-right corner and select “Format Code”, or press Cmd-Option-L to reformat the current file.
The formatter is highly configurable: you can adjust line wrapping, indentation, brace style, newline handling, spacing rules, and much more under Settings → Format Code.
Also in this update:
- When uploading to WebDAV, Textastic now sets the “Expect: 100-continue” HTTP header to make sure a server accepts an upload before data is sent. This can prevent duplicate sending of data when the server requires re-authentication.
- Fixed an issue when uploading files to cPanel WebDAV servers (cpdavd): that server closes the connection after each response instead of keeping it alive, which could result in a “request stream exhausted” error.
- Moved Password Lock settings to Settings → Other: since iOS/iPadOS 18, you can touch and hold the app icon on the Home Screen and select “Require Face ID” (or Touch ID or Passcode) to lock the app. This is the preferred method since it works at the system level and also protects Textastic's local files in the Files app.
- Other minor improvements.
10.7
06/24/2025
- Fixed an issue where uploading folders to FTP/FTPS servers could fail if remote folders did not already exist.
- Fixed a rare crash that could occur when closing certain very large files.
10.6.4
05/19/2025
- Improved automatic closing of quotes: quotes are no longer closed after a backslash (e.g., when entering umlauts in LaTeX), and they are now properly closed before semicolons and commas in CSS files.
- SSH Terminal: Added support for the Delete key (forward delete) on external keyboards.
- Updated the HTML5 template and removed outdated HTML 4.01 and XHTML templates. The HTML5 template now matches what's Emmet inserts when typing "!" and hitting Tab.
- HTML script tag code completion: no longer inserts the type and src attributes by default. The src attribute can be added manually or using the "script:src" Emmet abbreviation.
10.6.3
05/07/2025
- Fixed a rare issue where closing an editor tab before its file finished opening could keep file-related system resources active.
- Fixed an issue where deleting local files could fail on future OS versions.
more
Version 10.9.8
Sep 5
App Privacy
App Privacy
The developer,
Alexander Blach
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. This information has not been verified by Apple. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
To help you better understand the developer’s responses, see
Privacy Definitions and Examples
.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
The developer,
Alexander Blach
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Not Collected
The developer does not collect any data from this app.
Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Accessibility
Accessibility
The developer,
Alexander Blach
, indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features to help make common tasks in the app faster and easier to complete.
Learn More
VoiceOver
Navigate and explore the app using gestures, braille, and speech output.
Voice Control
Navigate and interact with the app using your voice to tap, swipe, type, and more.
Larger Text
Increase the text size in the app to 200% or more.
Dark Interface
Apply a dark color scheme to the screens, menus, and controls to reduce eye strain.
Differentiate Without Color Alone
Use shapes or text, in addition to or instead of color, to distinguish key information.
Sufficient Contrast
Increase or adjust the contrast between text or iconography and background.
Reduced Motion
Modify or reduce certain types of animation that may cause motion sickness or discomfort.
The developer indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features.
Learn More
Supported Features
VoiceOver
Voice Control
Larger Text
Dark Interface
Differentiate Without Color Alone
Sufficient Contrast
Reduced Motion
Information
Seller
Alexander Blach
Size
27.2 MB
Category
Developer Tools
Compatibility
Requires iOS 16.0 or later.
iPhone
Requires iOS 16.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 16.0 or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English and German
Age Rating
4+
4+
Learn More
In-App Purchases
Yes
Textastic Pro (Yearly)
$19.99
Textastic Pro (Monthly)
$2.99
Textastic Pro (One-Time)
$69.99
Learn More
Copyright
© 2010-2026 Alexander Blach
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Supports
Family Sharing
Some in-app purchases and subscriptions may be shareable with your family group when Family Sharing is enabled.
Learn More
More by Alexander Blach
View
Weather Status for Netatmo
Station Data at a Glance
You Might Also Like
View
Kodex
A powerful code editor
View
Runestone Text Editor
Edit plain text and code
View
a-Shell
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
View
Pyto IDE
Python, C/C++
View
Code Editor - Compiler &amp; IDE
Programming on mobile
View
Git client - Working Copy
for GitHub and self-hosted
View
Swifty Compiler: Swift IDE
Code Editor &amp; Playground
View
Proxyman - Capture HTTPS
Capture HTTPS from your iPhone
View
Web Inspector
Developer Console for Safari
View
a-Shell mini
*Local* Unix terminal (&amp; ssh)
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)
Select a country or region
Africa, Middle East, and India
See All
Algeria
Angola
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Cameroun
Cape Verde
Chad
Côte d’Ivoire
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Egypt
Eswatini
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea-Bissau
India
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Lebanon
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger (English)
Nigeria
Oman
Qatar
Congo, Republic of
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uganda
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Asia Pacific
See All
Afghanistan
Australia
Bhutan
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
中国大陆
Fiji
香港
Indonesia (English)
日本
Kazakhstan
대한민국
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
澳門
Malaysia (English)
Maldives
Micronesia, Federated States of
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Zealand
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Singapore
Solomon Islands
台灣
Thailand
Tonga
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Europe
See All
Albania
Armenia
Österreich
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France (Français)
Georgia
Deutschland
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italia
Kosovo
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg (English)
Malta
Moldova, Republic Of
Montenegro
Nederland
North Macedonia
Norway
Poland
Portugal (Português)
Romania
Россия
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
España
Sverige
Schweiz
Türkiye (English)
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Latin America and the Caribbean
See All
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina (Español)
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia (Español)
Brasil
Virgin Islands, British
Cayman Islands
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Costa Rica (Español)
Dominica
República Dominicana
Ecuador (Español)
El Salvador (Español)
Grenada
Guatemala (Español)
Guyana
Honduras (Español)
Jamaica
México
Montserrat
Nicaragua (Español)
Panamá
Paraguay (Español)
Perú
St. Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
St. Vincent and The Grenadines
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos
Uruguay (English)
Venezuela (Español)
The United States and Canada
See All
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
United States
Estados Unidos (Español México)
الولايات المتحدة
США
美国 (简体中文)
États-Unis (Français France)
미국
Estados Unidos (Português Brasil)
Hoa Kỳ
美國 (繁體中文台灣)
Copyright © 2026
Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.
Internet Service Terms
App Store &amp; Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support
